{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1036{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.22621}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang12  1. Which of the following Java operators can be used with boolean variables? (Choose\par
 all that apply.)\par
\par
A) ==\par
B) +\par
C) -\par
D) !\par
E) %\par
F) -  \par
G)  Cast with (boolean)\par
\par
 2. What data type (or types) will allow the following code snippet to compile? (Choose\par
 all that apply.)\par
\par
 byte apples = 5;\par
 short oranges = 10;\par
 ____ bananas = apples + oranges;\par
\par
A) int\par
B)  long\par
C)  boolean\par
D)  double\par
E)  short\par
F)  byte\par
\par
 3. What change, when applied independently, would allow the following code snippet\par
 to compile? (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
 3: long ear = 10;\par
 4: int hearing = 2 * ear;\par
 \par
A)  No change; it compiles as is.\par
B)  Cast ear on line 4 to int.\par
C)  Change the data type of ear on line 3 to short.\par
D)  Cast 2 * ear on line 4 to int.\par
E)  Change the data type of hearing on line 4 to short.\par
F)  Change the data type of hearing on line 4 to long.\par
 \par
4. What is the output of the following code snippet?\par
\par
 3: boolean canine = true, wolf = true;\par
 4: int teeth = 20;\par
 5: canine = (teeth != 10) ^ (wolf=false);\par
 6: System.out.println(canine+", "+teeth+", "+wolf);\par
\par
A)  true, 20, true\par
B)  true, 20, false\par
C)  false, 10, true\par
D)  false, 20, false\par
E)  The code will not compile because of line 5.\par
F)  None of the above.\par
\par
 5. Which of the following operators are ranked in increasing or the same order of\par
 precedence? Assume the + operator is binary addition, not the unary form. (Choose\par
 all that apply.)\par
\par
A)  +, *, %, -\par
B) ++, (int), *\par
C)  =, ==, !\par
D)  (short), =, !, *\par
E)  *, /, %, +, ==\par
F)  !, ||, &\par
G)  ^, +, =, +=\par
\par
 6. What is the output of the following program?\par
\par
 1: public class CandyCounter \{\par
 2:    static long addCandy(double fruit, float vegetables) \{\par
 3:       return (int)fruit+vegetables;\par
 4:    \}\par
 5:    \par
6:    public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
 7:       System.out.print(addCandy(1.4, 2.4f) + ", ");\par
 8:       System.out.print(addCandy(1.9, (float)4) + ", ");\par
 9:       System.out.print(addCandy((long)(int)(short)2, (float)4)); \} \}\par
\par
A)  4, 6, 6.0\par
B)  3, 5, 6\par
C)  3, 6, 6\par
D)  4, 5, 6\par
E)  The code does not compile because of line 9.\par
F)  None of the above.\par
\par
 7. What is the output of the following code snippet?\par
\par
 int ph = 7, vis = 2;\par
 boolean clear = vis> 1 & (vis < 9 || ph < 2);\par
 boolean safe = (vis> 2) && (ph++> 1);\par
 boolean tasty = 7 <= --ph;\par
 System.out.println(clear + "-" + safe + "-" + tasty);\par
\par
A)  true-true-true\par
B)  true-true-false\par
C)  true-false-true\par
D)  true-false-false\par
E)  false-true-true\par
F)  false-true-false\par
G) false-false-true\par
H)  false-false-false\par
\par
 8. What is the output of the following code snippet?\par
\par
 4: int pig = (short)4;\par
 5: pig = pig++;\par
 6: long goat = (int)2;\par
 7: goat -= 1.0;\par
 8: System.out.print(pig + " - " + goat);\par
\par
A)  4 - 1\par
B)  4 - 2\par
C)  5 - 1\par
D)  5 - 2\par
E)  The code does not compile due to line 7.\par
F)  None of the above.\par
\par
 9. What are the unique outputs of the following code snippet? (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
 int a = 2, b = 4, c = 2;\par
 System.out.println(a> 2 ? --c : b++);\par
 System.out.println(b = (a!=c ? a : b++));\par
 System.out.println(a> b ? b < c ? b : 2 : 1);\par
\par
A)  1\par
B)  2\par
C)  3\par
D)  4\par
E)  5\par
F)  6\par
G)  The code does not compile.\par
\par
 10. Which is not an output of the following code snippet?\par
\par
 short height = 1, weight = 3;\par
 short zebra = (byte) weight * (byte) height;\par
 double ox = 1 + height * 2 + weight;\par
 long giraffe = 1 + 9 % height + 1;\par
 System.out.println(zebra);\par
 System.out.println(ox);\par
 System.out.println(giraffe);\par
\par
A)  2\par
B)  3\par
C)  6\par
D)  6.0\par
E)  The code does not compile.\par
\par
 11. What is the output of the following code?\par
\par
 11: int sample1 = (2 * 4) % 3;\par
 12: int sample2 = 3 * 2 % -3;\par
13: int sample3 = 5 * (1 % 2);\par
 14: System.out.println(sample1 + ", " + sample2 + ", " + sample3);\par
\par
A)  0, 0, 5\par
B)  1, 2, 10\par
C)  2, 1, 5\par
D)  2, 0, 5\par
E)  3, 1, 10\par
F)  3, 2, 6\par
G)  The code does not compile.\par
\par
 12. The _________ operator increases a value and returns the original value, while the\par
 _______ operator decreases a value and returns the new value.\par
\par
A)  post-increment, post-increment\par
B)  pre-decrement, post-decrement\par
C)  post-increment, post-decrement\par
D)  post-increment, pre-decrement\par
E)  pre-increment, pre-decrement\par
F)  pre-increment, post-decrement\par
\par
 13. What is the output of the following code snippet?\par
\par
 boolean sunny = true, raining = false, sunday = true;\par
 boolean goingToTheStore = sunny & raining ^ sunday;\par
 boolean goingToTheZoo = sunday && !raining;\par
 boolean stayingHome = !(goingToTheStore && goingToTheZoo);\par
 System.out.println(goingToTheStore + "-" + goingToTheZoo \par
   + "-" +stayingHome);\par
\par
A)  true-false-false\par
B)  false-true-false\par
C)  true-true-true\par
D)  false-true-true\par
E)  false-false-false\par
F)  true-true-false\par
G)  None of the above\par
\par
 14. Which of the following statements are correct? (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
A)  The return value of an assignment operation expression can be void.\par
B)  The inequality operator (!=) can be used to compare objects.\par
C)  The equality operator (==) can be used to compare a boolean value with a\par
 numeric value.\par
D)  During runtime, the & and | operators may cause only the left side of the\par
 expression to be evaluated.\par
E)  The return value of an assignment operation expression is the value of the\par
 newly assigned variable.\par
F)  In Java, 0 and false may be used interchangeably.\par
G)  The logical complement operator (!) cannot be used to flip numeric values.\par
 \par
15. Which operator takes three operands or values?\par
\par
A)  =\par
B)  &&\par
C)  *=\par
D)  ? :\par
E)  &\par
F)  ++\par
G)  /\par
\par
 16. How many lines of the following code contain compiler errors?\par
\par
 int note = 1 * 2 + (long)3;\par
 short melody = (byte)(double)(note *= 2);\par
 double song = melody;\par
 float symphony = (float)((song == 1_000f) ? song * 2L : song);\par
\par
A)  0\par
B)  1\par
C)  2\par
D)  3\par
E)  4\par
\par
 17. Given the following code snippet, what are the values of the variables after it is\par
 executed? (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
 int ticketsTaken = 1;\par
 int ticketsSold = 3;\par
 ticketsSold += 1 + ticketsTaken++;\par
 ticketsTaken *= 2;\par
 ticketsSold += (long)1;\par
\par
A)  ticketsSold is 8.\par
B)  ticketsTaken is 2.\par
C)  ticketsSold is 6.\par
D)  ticketsTaken is 6.\par
E)  ticketsSold is 7.\par
F)  ticketsTaken is 4.\par
G)  The code does not compile.\par
\par
 18. Which of the following can be used to change the order of operation in an\par
 expression?\par
A)  [ ]\par
B)  < >\par
C)  ( )\par
D)  \\ /\par
E)  \{ \}\par
F)  " "\par
 \par
19. What is the result of executing the following code snippet? (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
 3: int start = 7;\par
 4: int end = 4;\par
 5: end += ++start;\par
 6: start = (byte)(Byte.MAX_VALUE + 1);\par
\par
A)  start is 0.\par
B)  start is -128.\par
C)  start is 127.\par
D)  end is 8.\par
E)  end is 11.\par
F)  end is 12.\par
G)  The code does not compile.\par
H)  The code compiles but throws an exception at runtime.\par
 \par
20. Which of the following statements about unary operators are true? (Choose all that\par
 apply.)\par
\par
A)  Unary operators are always executed before any surrounding numeric binary or\par
 ternary operators.\par
B)  The - operator can be used to flip a boolean value.\par
C)  The pre-increment operator (++) returns the value of the variable before the\par
increment is applied.\par
D)  The post-decrement operator (--) returns the value of the variable before the\par
 decrement is applied.\par
E)  The ! operator cannot be used on numeric values.\par
F)  None of the above.\par
}
 