{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1036{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.22621}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang12  1. Which of the following are legal entry point methods that can be run from the\par
 command line? (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
 A) private static void main(String[] args)\par
 B) public static final main(String[] args)\par
 C) public void main(String[] args)\par
 D) public static final void main(String[] args)\par
 E) public static void main(String[] args)\par
 F) public static main(String[] args)\par
\par
 2. Which answer options represent the order in which the following statements can\par
 be assembled into a program that will compile successfully? (Choose all that\par
 apply.)\par
\par
 X: class Rabbit \{\}\par
 Y: import java.util.*;\par
 Z: package animals;\par
\par
 A) X, Y, Z\par
 B) Y, Z, X\par
 C) Z, Y, X\par
 D) Y, X\par
 E) Z, X\par
 F) X, Z\par
 G) None of the above\par
\par
 3. Which of the following are true? (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
 public class Bunny \{\par
   public static void main(String[] x) \{\par
      Bunny bun = new Bunny();\par
 \} \}\par
\par
A) Bunny is a class. \par
B) bun is a class.\par
C) main is a class.\par
D) Bunny is a reference to an object.\par
E) bun is a reference to an object.\par
F) main is a reference to an object.\par
G) The main() method doesn\rquote t run because the parameter name is incorrect.\par
\par
 4. Which of the following are valid Java identifiers? (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
A) _\par
B) _helloWorld$\par
C) true\par
D) java.lang\par
E) Public\par
F) 1980_s\par
G) _Q2_\par
\par
 5. Which statements about the following program are correct? (Choose all that\par
 apply.)\par
\par
 2:  public class Bear \{\par
 3:     private Bear pandaBear;\par
 4:     private void roar(Bear b) \{\par
 5:        System.out.println("Roar!");\par
 6:        pandaBear = b;\par
 7:     \}\par
 8:     public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
 9:        Bear brownBear = new Bear();\par
 10:       Bear polarBear = new Bear();\par
 11:       brownBear.roar(polarBear);\par
 12:       polarBear = null;\par
 13:       brownBear = null;\par
 14:       System.gc(); \} \}\par
\par
A) The object created on line 9 is first eligible for garbage collection after line\par
 13.\par
B) The object created on line 9 is first eligible for garbage collection after line\par
 14.\par
C) The object created on line 10 is first eligible for garbage collection after line\par
 12.\par
D) The object created on line 10 is first eligible for garbage collection after line\par
 13.\par
E) Garbage collection is guaranteed to run.\par
F) Garbage collection might or might not run.\par
G) The code does not compile.\par
\par
 6. Assuming the following class compiles, how many variables defined in the class\par
 or method are in scope on the line marked on line 14?\par
\par
 1:  public class Camel \{\par
 2:     \{ int hairs = 3_000_0; \}\par
 3:     long water, air=2;\par
 4:     boolean twoHumps = true;\par
5:     public void spit(float distance) \{\par
 6:        var path = "";\par
 7:        \{ double teeth = 32 + distance++; \}\par
 8:        while(water> 0) \{\par
 9:           int age = twoHumps ? 1 : 2;\par
 10:          short i=-1;\par
 11:          for(i=0; i<10; i++) \{\par
 12:             var Private = 2;\par
 13:          \}\par
 14:          // SCOPE\par
 15:       \}\par
 16:    \}\par
 17: \}\par
\par
A) 2\par
B) 3\par
C) 4\par
D) 5\par
E) 6\par
F) 7\par
G) None of the above\par
\par
 7. Which are true about this code? (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
 public class KitchenSink \{\par
    private int numForks;\par
 \par
    public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
       int numKnives;\par
       System.out.print("""\par
          "# forks = " + numForks +\par
           " # knives = " + numKnives +\par
          # cups = 0""");\par
    \}\par
 \}\par
\par
A) The output includes # forks = 0.\par
B) The output includes # knives = 0.\par
C) The output includes # cups = 0.\par
D) The output includes a blank line.\par
E) The output includes one or more lines that begin with whitespace.\par
F) The code does not compile.\par
\par
 8. Which of the following code snippets about var compile without issue when\par
 used in a method? (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
A) var spring = null;\par
B) var fall = "leaves";\par
C) var evening = 2; evening = null;\par
D) var night = Integer.valueOf(3);\par
E) var day = 1/0;\par
F) var winter = 12, cold;\par
G) var fall = 2, autumn = 2;\par
H) var morning = ""; morning = null;\par
\par
 9. Which of the following is correct?\par
\par
A) An instance variable of type float defaults to 0.\par
B) An instance variable of type char defaults to null.\par
C) A local variable of type double defaults to 0.0.\par
D) A local variable of type int defaults to null.\par
E) A class variable of type String defaults to null.\par
F) A class variable of type String defaults to the empty string "".\par
G) None of the above.\par
\par
 10. Which of the following expressions, when inserted independently into the blank\par
 line, allow the code to compile? (Choose all that apply.)\par
 public void printMagicData() \{\par
   var magic = ;\par
   System.out.println(magic);\par
 \}\par
\par
A) 3_1\par
B) 1_329_.0\par
C) 3_13.0_\par
D) 5_291._2\par
E) 2_234.0_0\par
F) 9___6\par
G) _1_3_5_0\par
\par
 11. Given the following two class files, what is the maximum number of imports that\par
 can be removed and have the code still compile?\par
\par
 // Water.java\par
 package aquarium;\par
 public class Water \{ \}\par
 \par
// Tank.java\par
 package aquarium;\par
 import java.lang.*;\par
 import java.lang.System;\par
 import aquarium.Water;\par
 import aquarium.*;\par
 public class Tank \{\par
   public void print(Water water) \{\par
      System.out.println(water); \} \}\par
\par
A) 0\par
B) 1\par
C) 2\par
D) 3\par
E) 4\par
F) Does not compile\par
\par
 12. Which statements about the following class are correct? (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
 1: public class ClownFish \{\par
 2:    int gills = 0, double weight=2;\par
 3:    \{ int fins = gills; \}\par
 4:    void print(int length = 3) \{\par
 5:       System.out.println(gills);\par
 6:       System.out.println(weight);\par
 7:       System.out.println(fins);\par
 8:       System.out.println(length);\par
 9: \} \}\par
\par
A) Line 2 generates a compiler error.\par
B) Line 3 generates a compiler error.\par
C) Line 4 generates a compiler error.\par
D) Line 7 generates a compiler error.\par
E) The code prints 0.\par
F) The code prints 2.0.\par
G) The code prints 2.\par
H) The code prints 3.\par
\par
 13. Given the following classes, which of the following snippets can independently\par
 be inserted in place of INSERT IMPORTS HERE and have the code compile?\par
 (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
 package aquarium;\par
 public class Water \{\par
   boolean salty = false;\par
 \}\par
 package aquarium.jellies;\par
 public class Water \{\par
   boolean salty = true;\par
 \}\par
 package employee;\par
 INSERT IMPORTS HERE\par
 public class WaterFiller \{\par
   Water water;\par
 \}\par
\par
A) import aquarium.*;\par
B) import aquarium.Water;\par
C) import aquarium.jellies.*;\par
D) import aquarium.*;\par
E) import aquarium.jellies.Water;\par
F) import aquarium.*;\par
G) import aquarium.jellies.*;\par
H) import aquarium.Water;\par
I) import aquarium.jellies.Water;\par
J) None of the above\par
\par
 14. Which of the following statements about the code snippet are true? (Choose all\par
 that apply.)\par
\par
 3: short numPets = 5L;\par
 4: int numGrains = 2.0;\par
 5: String name = "Scruffy";\par
 6: int d = numPets.length();\par
 7: int e = numGrains.length;\par
 8: int f = name.length();\par
\par
A) Line 3 generates a compiler error.\par
B) Line 4 generates a compiler error.\par
C) Line 5 generates a compiler error.\par
D) Line 6 generates a compiler error.\par
E) Line 7 generates a compiler error.\par
F) Line 8 generates a compiler error.\par
\par
 15. Which of the following statements about garbage collection are correct? (Choose\par
 all that apply.)\par
\par
A) Calling System.gc() is guaranteed to free up memory by destroying objects\par
 eligible for garbage collection.\par
B) Garbage collection runs on a set schedule.\par
C) Garbage collection allows the JVM to reclaim memory for other objects.\par
D) Garbage collection runs when your program has used up half the available\par
 memory.\par
E) An object may be eligible for garbage collection but never removed from\par
 the heap.\par
F) An object is eligible for garbage collection once no references to it are\par
 accessible in the program.\par
G) Marking a variable final means its associated object will never be garbage\par
 collected.\par
\par
 16. Which are true about this code? (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
 var blocky = """\par
   squirrel \\s\par
   pigeon   \\\par
   termite""";\par
 System.out.print(blocky);\par
A) It outputs two lines.\par
B) It outputs three lines.\par
C) It outputs four lines.\par
D) There is one line with trailing whitespace.\par
E) There are two lines with trailing whitespace.\par
F) If we indented each line five characters, it would change the output.\par
\par
 17. What lines are printed by the following program? (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
 1:  public class WaterBottle \{\par
 2:     private String brand;\par
 3:     private boolean empty;\par
 4:     public static float code;\par
 5:     public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
 6:        WaterBottle wb = new WaterBottle();\par
 7:        System.out.println("Empty = " + wb.empty);\par
 8:        System.out.println("Brand = " + wb.brand);\par
 9:        System.out.println("Code = " + code);\par
 10:    \} \}\par
\par
A) Line 8 generates a compiler error.\par
B) Line 9 generates a compiler error.\par
C) Empty =\par
D) Empty = false\par
E) Brand =\par
F) Brand = null\par
G) Code = 0.0\par
H) Code = 0f\par
\par
 18. Which of the following statements about var are true? (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
A) A var can be used as a constructor parameter.\par
B) The type of a var is known at compile time.\par
C) A var cannot be used as an instance variable.\par
D) A var can be used in a multiple variable assignment statement.\par
E) The value of a var cannot change at runtime.\par
F) The type of a var cannot change at runtime.\par
G) The word var is a reserved word in Java.\par
\par
 19. Which are true about the following code? (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
 var num1 = Integer.parseInt("11");\par
 var num2 = Integer.valueOf("B", 16);\par
 System.out.println(Integer.max(num1, num2));\par
\par
A) The output is 11.\par
B) The output is B.\par
C) The code does not compile.\par
D) num1 is a primitive.\par
E) num2 is a primitive.\par
F) A NumberFormatException is thrown.\par
\par
 20. Which statement about the following class is correct?\par
\par
 1:  public class PoliceBox \{\par
 2:     String color;\par
 3:     long age;\par
4:     public void PoliceBox() \{\par
 5:        color = "blue";\par
 6:        age = 1200;\par
 7:     \}\par
 8:     public static void main(String []time) \{\par
 9:        var p = new PoliceBox();\par
 10:       var q = new PoliceBox();\par
 11:       p.color = "green";\par
 12:       p.age = 1400;\par
 13:       p = q;\par
 14:       System.out.println("Q1="+q.color);\par
 15:       System.out.println("Q2="+q.age);\par
 16:       System.out.println("P1="+p.color);\par
 17:       System.out.println("P2="+p.age);\par
 18: \} \}\par
\par
A) It prints Q1=blue.\par
B) It prints Q2=1200.\par
C) It prints P1=null.\par
D) It prints P2=1400.\par
E) Line 4 does not compile.\par
F) Line 12 does not compile.\par
G) Line 13 does not compile.\par
H) None of the above.\par
\par
 21. What is the output of executing the following class?\par
\par
 1:  public class Salmon \{\par
 2:     int count;\par
 3:     \{ System.out.print(count+"-"); \}\par
 4:     \{ count++; \}\par
 5:     public Salmon() \{\par
 6:        count = 4;\par
 7:        System.out.print(2+"-");\par
 8:     \}\par
 9:     public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
 10:       System.out.print(7+"-");\par
 11:       var s = new Salmon();\par
 12:       System.out.print(s.count+"-"); \} \}\par
\par
A) 7-0-2-1\par
B) 7-0-1\par
C) 0-7-2-1\par
D) 7-0-2-4\par
E) 0-7-1\par
F) The class does not compile because of line 3.\par
G) The class does not compile because of line 4.\par
H) None of the above.\par
\par
 22. Given the following class, which of the following lines of code can\par
 independently replace INSERT CODE HERE to make the code compile? (Choose all\par
that apply.)\par
\par
 public class Price \{\par
   public void admission() \{\par
      INSERT CODE HERE\par
      System.out.print(amount);\par
      \} \}\par
\par
A) int Amount = 0b11;\par
B) int amount = 9L;\par
C) int amount = 0xE;\par
D) int amount = 1_2.0;\par
E) double amount = 1_0_.0;\par
F) int amount = 0b101;\par
G) double amount = 9_2.1_2;\par
H) double amount = 1_2_.0_0;\par
\par
 23. Which statements about the following class are true? (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
 1:  public class River \{\par
 2:     int Depth = 1;\par
 3:     float temp = 50.0;\par
 4:     public void flow() \{\par
 5:        for (int i = 0; i < 1; i++) \{\par
 6:           int depth = 2;\par
 7:           depth++;\par
 8:           temp--;\par
 9:        \}\par
 10:       System.out.println(depth);\par
 11:       System.out.println(temp); \}\par
 12:    public static void main(String\'85 s) \{\par
 13:       new River().flow();\par
 14: \} \}\par
\par
A) Line 3 generates a compiler error.\par
B) Line 6 generates a compiler error.\par
C) Line 7 generates a compiler error.\par
D) Line 10 generates a compiler error.\par
E) The program prints 3 on line 10.\par
F) The program prints 4 on line 10.\par
G) The program prints 50.0 on line 11.\par
H) The program prints 49.0 on line 11.\par
}
 