{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1036{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.22621}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang12  1. Which statements about the final modifier are correct? (Choose all\par
 that apply.)\par
 A. Instance and static variables can be marked final.\par
 B. A variable is effectively final only if it is marked final.\par
 C. An object that is marked final cannot be modified.\par
 D. Local variables cannot be declared with type var and the final\par
 modifier.\par
 E. A primitive that is marked final cannot be modified.\par
 2. Which of the following can fill in the blank in this code to make it\par
 compile? (Choose all that apply.)\par
 public class Ant \{\par
    _________ void method() \{\}\par
 \}\par
A. default\par
 B. final\par
 C. private\par
 D. Public\par
 E. String\par
 F. zzz:\par
 3. Which of the following methods compile? (Choose all that apply.)\par
 A. final static void rain() \{\}\par
 B. public final int void snow() \{\}\par
 C. private void int hail() \{\}\par
 D. static final void sleet() \{\}\par
 E. void final ice() \{\}\par
 F. void public slush() \{\}\par
 4. Which of the following can fill in the blank and allow the code to\par
 compile? (Choose all that apply.)\par
 final ______ song = 6;\par
 A. int\par
 B. Integer\par
 C. long\par
 D. Long\par
 E. double\par
 F. Double\par
 5. Which of the following methods compile? (Choose all that apply.)\par
 A. public void january() \{ return; \}\par
 B. public int february() \{ return null;\}\par
 C. public void march() \{\}\par
D. public int april() \{ return 9;\}\par
 E. public int may() \{ return 9.0;\}\par
 F. public int june() \{ return;\}\par
 6. Which of the following methods compile? (Choose all that apply.)\par
 A. public void violin(int\'85 nums) \{\}\par
 B. public void viola(String values, int\'85 nums) \{\}\par
 C. public void cello(int\'85 nums, String values) \{\}\par
 D. public void bass(String\'85 values, int\'85 nums) \{\}\par
 E. public void flute(String[] values, \'85int nums) \{\}\par
 F. public void oboe(String[] values, int[] nums) \{\}\par
 7. Given the following method, which of the method calls return 2?\par
 (Choose all that apply.)\par
 public int juggle(boolean b, boolean\'85 b2) \{\par
   return b2.length;\par
 \}\par
 A. juggle();\par
 B. juggle(true);\par
 C. juggle(true, true);\par
 D. juggle(true, true, true);\par
 E. juggle(true, \{true, true\});\par
 F. juggle(true, new boolean[2]);\par
 8. Which of the following statements is correct?\par
 A. Package access is more lenient than protected access.\par
 B. A public class that has private fields and package methods is not\par
 visible to classes outside the package.\par
 C. You can use access modifiers so only some of the classes in a\par
 package see a particular package class.\par
D. You can use access modifiers to allow access to all methods and\par
 not any instance variables.\par
 E. You can use access modifiers to restrict access to all classes that\par
 begin with the word Test.\par
 9. Given the following class definitions, which lines in the main()\par
 method generate a compiler error? (Choose all that apply.)\par
 // Classroom.java \par
package my.school;\par
 public class Classroom \{\par
   private int roomNumber;\par
   protected static String teacherName;\par
   static int globalKey = 54321;\par
   public static int floor = 3;\par
   Classroom(int r, String t) \{\par
      roomNumber = r;\par
      teacherName = t; \} \}\par
 // School.java \par
1: package my.city;\par
 2: import my.school.*;\par
 3: public class School \{\par
 4:    public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
 5:       System.out.println(Classroom.globalKey);\par
 6:       Classroom room = new Classroom(101, "Mrs. \par
Anderson");\par
 7:       System.out.println(room.roomNumber);\par
 8:       System.out.println(Classroom.floor);\par
 9:       System.out.println(Classroom.teacherName); \} \}\par
 A. None: the code compiles fine.\par
 B. Line 5.\par
 C. Line 6.\par
 D. Line 7.\par
 E. Line 8.\par
 F. Line 9.\par
 10. What is the output of executing the Chimp program?\par
 // Rope.java \par
1: package rope;\par
2: public class Rope \{\par
 3:    public static int LENGTH = 5;\par
 4:    static \{ \par
5:       LENGTH = 10;\par
 6:    \}\par
 7:    public static void swing() \{\par
 8:       System.out.print("swing ");\par
 9:    \} \}\par
 // Chimp.java \par
1: import rope.*;\par
 2: import static rope.Rope.*;\par
 3: public class Chimp \{\par
 4:    public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
 5:       Rope.swing();\par
 6:       new Rope().swing();\par
 7:       System.out.println(LENGTH);\par
 8:    \} \}\par
 A. swing swing 5\par
 B. swing swing 10\par
 C. Compiler error on line 2 of Chimp\par
 D. Compiler error on line 5 of Chimp\par
 E. Compiler error on line 6 of Chimp\par
 F. Compiler error on line 7 of Chimp\par
 11. Which statements are true of the following code? (Choose all that\par
 apply.)\par
 1:  public class Rope \{\par
 2:     public static void swing() \{\par
 3:        System.out.print("swing");\par
 4:     \}\par
 5:     public void climb() \{\par
 6:        System.out.println("climb");\par
 7:     \}\par
 8:     public static void play() \{\par
 9:        swing();\par
 10:       climb();\par
 11:    \}\par
 12:    public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
 13:       Rope rope = new Rope();\par
 14:       rope.play();\par
15:       Rope rope2 = null;\par
 16:       System.out.print("-");\par
 17:       rope2.play();\par
 18:    \} \}\par
 A. The code compiles as is.\par
 B. There is exactly one compiler error in the code.\par
 C. There are exactly two compiler errors in the code.\par
 D. If the line(s) with compiler errors are removed, the output is\par
 swing-climb.\par
 E. If the line(s) with compiler errors are removed, the output is\par
 swing-swing.\par
 F. If the line(s) with compile errors are removed, the code throws a\par
 NullPointerException.\par
 12. How many variables in the following method are effectively final?\par
 10: public void feed() \{\par
 11:    int monkey = 0;\par
 12:    if(monkey> 0) \{\par
 13:       var giraffe = monkey++;\par
 14:       String name;\par
 15:       name = "geoffrey";\par
 16:    \}\par
 17:    String name = "milly";\par
 18:    var food = 10;\par
 19:    while(monkey <= 10) \{\par
 20:       food = 0;\par
 21:    \}\par
 22:    name = null;\par
 23: \}\par
 A. 1.\par
 B. 2.\par
 C. 3.\par
 D. 4.\par
 E. 5.\par
 F. None of the above. The code does not compile.\par
13. What is the output of the following code?\par
 // RopeSwing.java \par
import rope.*;\par
 import static rope.Rope.*;\par
 public class RopeSwing \{\par
   private static Rope rope1 = new Rope();\par
   private static Rope rope2 = new Rope();\par
   \{\par
      System.out.println(rope1.length);\par
   \}\par
   public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
      rope1.length = 2;\par
      rope2.length = 8;\par
      System.out.println(rope1.length);\par
   \}\par
 \}\par
 // Rope.java \par
package rope;\par
 public class Rope \{\par
   public static int length = 0;\par
 \}\par
 A. 02\par
 B. 08\par
 C. 2\par
 D. 8\par
 E. The code does not compile.\par
 F. An exception is thrown.\par
 14. How many lines in the following code have compiler errors?\par
 1:  public class RopeSwing \{\par
 2:     private static final String leftRope;\par
 3:     private static final String rightRope;\par
 4:     private static final String bench;\par
 5:     private static final String name = "name";\par
 6:     static \{\par
 7:        leftRope = "left";\par
 8:        rightRope = "right";\par
 9:     \}\par
 10:    static \{\par
11:       name = "name";\par
 12:       rightRope = "right";\par
 13:    \}\par
 14:    public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
 15:       bench = "bench";\par
 16:    \}\par
 17: \}\par
 A. 0\par
 B. 1\par
 C. 2\par
 D. 3\par
 E. 4\par
 F. 5\par
 15. Which of the following can replace line 2 to make this code compile?\par
 1: import java.util.*;\par
 2: // INSERT CODE HERE\par
 3: public class Imports \{\par
 4:    public void method(ArrayList<String> list) \{\par
 5:       sort(list);\par
 6:    \}\par
 7: \}\par
 A. import static java.util.Collections;\par
 B. import static java.util.Collections.*;\par
 C. import static\par
 java.util.Collections.sort(ArrayList<String>);\par
 D. static import java.util.Collections;\par
 E. static import java.util.Collections.*;\par
 F. static import\par
 java.util.Collections.sort(ArrayList<String>);\par
 16. What is the result of the following statements?\par
 1:  public class Test \{\par
 2:     public void print(byte x) \{\par
 3:        System.out.print("byte-");\par
4:     \}\par
 5:     public void print(int x) \{\par
 6:        System.out.print("int-");\par
 7:     \}\par
 8:     public void print(float x) \{\par
 9:        System.out.print("float-");\par
 10:    \}\par
 11:    public void print(Object x) \{\par
 12:       System.out.print("Object-");\par
 13:    \}\par
 14:    public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
 15:       Test t = new Test();\par
 16:       short s = 123;\par
 17:       t.print(s);\par
 18:       t.print(true);\par
 19:       t.print(6.789);\par
 20:    \}\par
 21: \}\par
 A. byte-float-Object\par
B. int-float-Object\par
C. byte-Object-float\par
D. int-Object-float\par
E. int-Object-Object\par
F. byte-Object-Object\par
17. What is the result of the following program?\par
 1:  public class Squares \{\par
 2:     public static long square(int x) \{\par
 3:        var y = x * (long) x;\par
 4:        x = -1;\par
 5:        return y;\par
 6:     \}\par
 7:     public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
 8:        var value = 9;\par
 9:        var result = square(value);\par
 10:       System.out.println(value);\par
 11:    \} \}\par
 A. -1\par
 B. 9\par
C. 81\par
 D. Compiler error on line 9\par
 E. Compiler error on a different line\par
 18. Which of the following are output by the following code? (Choose all\par
 that apply.)\par
 public class StringBuilders \{\par
   public static StringBuilder work(StringBuilder a, \par
      StringBuilder b) \{\par
      a = new StringBuilder("a");\par
      b.append("b");\par
      return a;\par
   \}\par
   public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
      var s1 = new StringBuilder("s1");\par
      var s2 = new StringBuilder("s2");\par
      var s3 = work(s1, s2);\par
      System.out.println("s1 = " + s1);\par
      System.out.println("s2 = " + s2);\par
      System.out.println("s3 = " + s3);\par
   \}\par
 \}\par
 A. s1 = a\par
 B. s1 = s1\par
 C. s2 = s2\par
 D. s2 = s2b\par
 E. s3 = a\par
 F. The code does not compile.\par
 19. Which of the following will compile when independently inserted in\par
 the following code? (Choose all that apply.)\par
 1:  public class Order3 \{\par
 2:     final String value1 = "red";\par
 3:     static String value2 = "blue";\par
 4:     String value3 = "yellow";\par
 5:     \{\par
 6:        // CODE SNIPPET 1\par
 7:     \}\par
8:     static \{\par
 9:        // CODE SNIPPET 2\par
 10:    \} \}\par
 A. Insert at line 6: value1 = "green";\par
 B. Insert at line 6: value2 = "purple";\par
 C. Insert at line 6: value3 = "orange";\par
 D. Insert at line 9: value1 = "magenta";\par
 E. Insert at line 9: value2 = "cyan";\par
 F. Insert at line 9: value3 = "turquoise";\par
 20. Which of the following are true about the following code? (Choose all\par
 that apply.)\par
 public class Run \{\par
   static void execute() \{\par
      System.out.print("1-");\par
   \}\par
   static void execute(int num) \{\par
      System.out.print("2-");\par
   \}\par
   static void execute(Integer num) \{\par
      System.out.print("3-");\par
   \}\par
   static void execute(Object num) \{\par
      System.out.print("4-");\par
   \}\par
   static void execute(int\'85 nums) \{\par
      System.out.print("5-");\par
   \}\par
   public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
      Run.execute(100);\par
      Run.execute(100L);\par
   \}\par
 \}\par
 A. The code prints out 2-4-.\par
 B. The code prints out 3-4-.\par
 C. The code prints out 4-2-.\par
 D. The code prints out 4-4-.\par
E. The code prints 3-4- if you remove the method static void\par
 execute(int num).\par
 F. The code prints 4-4- if you remove the method static void\par
 execute(int num).\par
 21. Which method signatures are valid overloads of the following method\par
 signature? (Choose all that apply.)\par
 public void moo(int m, int\'85 n)\par
 A. public void moo(int a, int\'85 b)\par
 B. public int moo(char ch)\par
 C. public void moooo(int\'85 z)\par
 D. private void moo(int\'85 x)\par
 E. public void moooo(int y)\par
 F. public void moo(int\'85 c, int d)\par
 G. public void moo(int\'85 i, int j\'85)\par
}
 