{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1036{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.22621}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang12 1. Suppose you need to display a collection of products for sale, which may\par
 contain duplicates. Additionally, you have a collection of sales that you need to\par
 track, sorted by the natural order of the sale ID, and you need to retrieve the\par
 text of each. Which two of the following classes best suit your needs for each\par
 of these scenarios? (Choose two.)\par
\par
A) ArrayList\par
B) HashMap\par
C) HashSet\par
D) LinkedList\par
E) SequencedTreeSet\par
F) TreeMap\par
\par
 2. Which of the following are true? (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
 12: List<?> q = List.of("mouse", "parrot");\par
 13: var v = List.of("mouse", "parrot");\par
 14:\par
 15: q.removeIf(String::isEmpty);\par
 16: q.removeIf(s -> s.length() == 4);\par
 17: v.removeIf(String::isEmpty);\par
 18: v.removeIf(s -> s.length() == 4);\par
\par
A) This code compiles and runs without error.\par
B) Exactly one of these lines contains a compiler error.\par
C) Exactly two of these lines contain a compiler error.\par
D) Exactly three of these lines contain a compiler error.\par
E) Exactly four of these lines contain a compiler error.\par
F) If any lines with compiler errors are removed, this code runs without\par
throwing an exception.\par
G) If any lines with compiler errors are removed, this code throws an\par
exception.\par
\par
 3. What is the result of the following statements?\par
\par
 3:  var greetings = new ArrayDeque<String>();\par
 4:  greetings.offerLast("hello");\par
 5:  greetings.offerLast("hi");\par
 6:  greetings.offerFirst("ola");\par
 7:  greetings.pop();\par
 8:  greetings.peek();\par
9:  while (greetings.peek() != null)\par
 10:    System.out.print(greetings.pop());\par
\par
A) hello\par
B) hellohi\par
C) hellohiola\par
D) hiola\par
E) The code does not compile.\par
F) An exception is thrown.\par
\par
 4. Which of these statements compile? (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
A) HashSet<Number> hs = new HashSet<Integer>();\par
B) HashSet<? super ClassCastException> set = new\par
HashSet<Exception>();\par
C) List<> list = new ArrayList<String>();\par
D) List<Object> values = new HashSet<Object>();\par
E) List<Object> objects = new ArrayList<? extends Object>();\par
F) Map<String, ? extends Number> hm = new HashMap<String,\par
 Integer>();\par
\par
 5. What is the result of the following code?\par
\par
 1: public record Hello<T>(T t) \{\par
 2:    public Hello(T t) \{ this.t = t; \}\par
 3:    private <T> void println(T message) \{\par
 4:       System.out.print(t + "-" + message);\par
 5:    \}\par
 6:    public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
 7:       new Hello<String>("hi").println(1);\par
 8:       new Hello("hola").println(true);\par
 9:    \} \}\par
\par
A) hi followed by a runtime exception.\par
B) hi-1hola-true\par
C) The first compiler error is on line 1.\par
D) The first compiler error is on line 3.\par
E) The first compiler error is on line 8.\par
F) The first compiler error is on another line.\par
\par
6. Which of the following can fill in the blank to print [7, 5, 3]? (Choose all\par
 that apply.)\par
\par
 8:  public record Platypus(String name, int beakLength) \{\par
 9:     @Override public String toString() \{return "" + \par
beakLength;\}\par
 10:\par
 11:    public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
 12:       Platypus p1 = new Platypus("Paula", 3);\par
 13:       Platypus p2 = new Platypus("Peter", 5);\par
 14:       Platypus p3 = new Platypus("Peter", 7);\par
 15:\par
 16:       List<Platypus> list = Arrays.asList(p1, p2, p3);\par
 17:\par
 18:       Collections.sort(list, \par
Comparator.comparing_______________);\par
 19:\par
 20:       System.out.println(list);\par
 21:    \}\par
 22: \}\par
\par
A) (Platypus::beakLength)\par
B)  (Platypus::beakLength).reversed()\par
C)  (Platypus::name)\par
   .thenComparing(Platypus::beakLength)\par
D) (Platypus::name)\par
   .thenComparing(\par
   Comparator.comparing(Platypus::beakLength)\par
   .reversed())\par
E) (Platypus::name)\par
   .thenComparingNumber(Platypus::beakLength)\par
   .reversed()\par
F) (Platypus::name)\par
   .thenComparingInt(Platypus::beakLength)\par
   .reversed()\par
 \par
7. Which of the following method signatures are valid overrides of the hairy()\par
 method in the Alpaca class? (Choose all that apply.)\par
 \par
import java.util.*;\par
 public class Alpaca \{\par
   public List<String> hairy(List<String> list) \{ return null; \}\par
 \}\par
\par
A) public List<String> hairy(List<CharSequence> list) \{ return \par
null; \}\par
B) public List<String> hairy(List<String> list) \{ return null; \}\par
C) public List<String> hairy(List<Integer> list) \{ return null; \}\par
D) public List<CharSequence> hairy(List<String> list) \{ return \par
null; \}\par
E) public Object hairy(List<String> list) \{ return null; \}\par
F) public ArrayList<String> hairy(List<String> list) \{ return \par
null; \}\par
\par
 8. Which of the following fills in the blank, allowing the code to compile and run\par
 without issue?\par
\par
 11: SequencedCollection<String> animals = new _____________<>();\par
 12: animals.addFirst("lions");\par
 13: animals.addLast("tigers");\par
 14: for(var a : animals)\par
 15:    System.out.println(a);\par
 16: System.out.println(animals.get(0));\par
\par
A) HashSet\par
B) LinkedList\par
C) TreeSetMap\par
D) HashMap\par
E) None of the above\par
\par
 9. What is the result of the following program?\par
\par
 3:  public class MyComparator implements Comparator<String> \{\par
 4:     public int compare(String a, String b) \{\par
 5:        return b.toLowerCase().compareTo(a.toLowerCase());\par
 6:     \}\par
 7:     public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
 8:        String[] values = \{ "123", "Abb", "aab" \};\par
9:        Arrays.sort(values, new MyComparator());\par
 10:       for (var s: values)\par
 11:          System.out.print(s + " ");\par
 12:    \}\par
 13: \}\par
\par
A) Abb aab 123\par
B) aab Abb 123\par
C) 123 Abb aab\par
D) 123 aab Abb\par
E) The code does not compile.\par
F) A runtime exception is thrown.\par
\par
 10. Which of these statements can fill in the blank so that the Helper class\par
 compiles successfully? (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
 2:  public class Helper \{\par
 3:     public static <U extends Exception>\par
 4:        void printException(U u) \{\par
 5:\par
 6:        System.out.println(u.getMessage());\par
 7:     \}\par
 8:     public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
 9:        Helper.____________________________________________;\par
 10:    \} \}\par
\par
A) printException(new FileNotFoundException("A"))\par
B) printException(new Exception("B"))\par
C) <Throwable>printException(new Exception("C"))\par
D) <NullPointerException>printException(new NullPointerException\par
("D"))\par
E) printException(new Throwable("E"))\par
\par
 11. Which of the following will compile when filling in the blank? (Choose all that\par
 apply.)\par
\par
 var list = List.of(1, 2, 3);\par
 var set = Set.of(1, 2, 3);\par
 var map = Map.of(1, 2, 3, 4);\par
 ____________.forEach(System.out::println);\par
\par
A) list\par
B) set\par
C) map\par
D) map.keys()\par
E) map.keySet()\par
F) map.values()\par
G) map.valueSet()\par
\par
 12. Which of these statements can fill in the blank so that the Wildcard class\par
 compiles successfully? (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
 3:  public class Wildcard \{\par
 4:     public void showSize(List<?> list) \{\par
 5:        System.out.println(list.size());\par
 6:     \}\par
 7:     public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
 8:        Wildcard card = new Wildcard();\par
 9:        _________________________________________;\par
 10:       card.showSize(list);\par
 11:    \} \}\par
\par
A) List<?> list = new HashSet <String>()\par
B) ArrayList<? super Date> list = new ArrayList<Date>()\par
C) List<?> list = new ArrayList<?>()\par
D) List<Exception> list = new LinkedList<java.io.IOException>()\par
E) ArrayList <? extends Number> list = new ArrayList <Integer>()\par
F) None of the above\par
\par
 13. What is the result of the following program?\par
\par
 3:  public record Sorted(int num, String text)\par
 4:     implements Comparable<Sorted>, Comparator<Sorted> \{\par
 5:\par
 6:     public String toString() \{ return "" + num; \}\par
 7:     public int compareTo(Sorted s) \{\par
 8:        return text.compareTo(s.text);\par
 9:     \}\par
 10:    public int compare(Sorted s1, Sorted s2) \{\par
 11:       return s1.num - s2.num;\par
 12:    \}\par
 13:    public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
 14:       var s1 = new Sorted(88, "a");\par
 15:       var s2 = new Sorted(55, "b");\par
 16:       SequencedSet<Sorted> t1 = new TreeSet<Sorted>();\par
 17:       t1.add(s1); t1.add(s2);\par
 18:       var t2 = new TreeSet<Sorted>(s1);\par
 19:       t2.add(s1); t2.add(s2);\par
20:       System.out.println(t1 + " " + t2);\par
 21:    \} \}\par
\par
A) [55, 88] [55, 88]\par
B) [55, 88] [88, 55]\par
C) [88, 55] [55, 88]\par
D) [88, 55] [88, 55]\par
E) The code does not compile.\par
F) A runtime exception is thrown.\par
\par
 14. What is the result of the following code?\par
\par
 Comparator<Integer> c1 = (o1, o2) -> o2 - o1;\par
 Comparator<Integer> c2 = Comparator.naturalOrder();\par
 Comparator<Integer> c3 = Comparator.reverseOrder();\par
 var list = Arrays.asList(5, 4, 7, 2);\par
 Collections.sort(list,_____________);\par
 Collections.reverse(list);\par
 Collections.reverse(list);\par
 System.out.println(Collections.binarySearch(list, 2));\par
\par
A) One or more of the comparators can fill in the blank so that the code prints\par
0.\par
B) One or more of the comparators can fill in the blank so that the code prints\par
1.\par
C) One or more of the comparators can fill in the blank so that the code prints\par
2.\par
D) The result is undefined regardless of which comparator is used.\par
E) A runtime exception is thrown regardless of which comparator is used.\par
F) The code does not compile.\par
\par
 15. Which of the following lines can be inserted to make the code compile?\par
 (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
 class W \{\}\par
 class X extends W \{\}\par
 class Y extends X \{\}\par
 class Z<Y> \{\par
   // INSERT CODE HERE\par
 \}\par
\par
A) W w1 = new W();\par
B) W w2 = new X();\par
C) W w3 = new Y();\par
D) Y y1 = new W();\par
E) Y y2 = new X();\par
F) Y y3 = new Y();\par
\par
 16. Which options are true of the following code? (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
 _____________ q = new LinkedList<>();\par
 var u = Collections.unmodifiableCollection(q);\par
 q.add(10);\par
 q.add(12);\par
 q.remove(1);\par
 System.out.print(u);\par
\par
A) If we fill in the blank with List<Integer>, the output is [10].\par
B) If we fill in the blank with Queue<Integer>, the output is [10].\par
C) If we fill in the blank with var, the output is [10].\par
D) One or more of the scenarios does not compile.\par
E) One or more of the scenarios throws a runtime exception.\par
\par
 17. What is the result of the following code?\par
\par
 4: Map m = new HashMap();\par
 5: m.put(123, "456");\par
 6: m.put("abc", "def");\par
 7: System.out.println(m.contains("123"));\par
\par
A) false\par
B) true\par
C) Compiler error on line 4.\par
D) Compiler error on line 5.\par
E) Compiler error on line 7.\par
F) A runtime exception is thrown.\par
\par
 18. What is the result of the following code? (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
 48: var map = Map.of(1,2, 3, 6);\par
 49: var list = List.copyOf(map.entrySet());\par
 50:\par
 51: List<Integer> one = List.of(8, 16, 2);\par
 52: var copy = List.copyOf(one);\par
53: var copyOfCopy = List.copyOf(copy);\par
 54: var thirdCopy = new ArrayList<>(copyOfCopy);\par
 55:\par
 56: list.replaceAll(x -> x * 2);\par
 57: one.replaceAll(x -> x * 2);\par
 58: thirdCopy.replaceAll(x -> x * 2);\par
 59:\par
 60: System.out.println(thirdCopy);\par
\par
A) One line fails to compile.\par
B) Two lines fail to compile.\par
C) Three lines fail to compile.\par
D) The code compiles but throws an exception at runtime.\par
E) If any lines with compiler errors are removed, the code throws an\par
exception at runtime.\par
F) If any lines with compiler errors are removed, the code prints [16, 32,\par
4].\par
G) The code compiles and prints [16, 32, 4] without any changes.\par
\par
 19. What code change is needed to make the method compile, assuming there is no\par
 class named T?\par
\par
 public static T identity(T t) \{\par
   return t;\par
 \}\par
\par
A) Add <T> after the public keyword.\par
B) Add <T> after the static keyword.\par
C) Add <T> after T.\par
D) Add <?> after the public keyword.\par
E) Add <?> after the static keyword.\par
F) No change is required. The code already compiles.\par
\par
 20. Assuming keys are printed in order, what is the result of the following?\par
\par
 var map = new HashMap<Integer, Integer>();\par
 map.put(1, 10);\par
 map.put(2, 20);\par
 map.put(3, null);\par
 map.merge(1, 3, (a,b) -> a + b);\par
 map.merge(3, 3, (a,b) -> a + b);\par
 System.out.println(map);\par
\par
A) \{1=10, 2=20\}\par
B) \{1=10, 2=20, 3=null\}\par
C) \{1=10, 2=20, 3=3\}\par
D) \{1=13, 2=20\}\par
E) \{1=13, 2=20, 3=null\}\par
F) \{1=13, 2=20, 3=3\}\par
G) The code does not compile.\par
H) An exception is thrown.\par
\par
 21. Which of the following statements are true? (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
A) Comparable is in the java.util package.\par
B) Comparator is in the java.util package.\par
C) compare() is in the Comparable interface.\par
D) compare() is in the Comparator interface.\par
E) compare() takes one method parameter.\par
F) compare() takes two method parameters.\par
\par
 22. What is the output of the following code snippet?\par
\par
 21: SequencedMap<Integer, String> cats = new TreeMap<>();\par
 22: cats.put(3, "Snowball");\par
 23: cats.put(2, "Sugar");\par
 24: cats.put(1, "Minnie Mouse");\par
 25: cats.pollFirstEntry();\par
 26: var id = cats.lastEntry().getKey();\par
 27: cats.pollFirstEntry();\par
 28: System.out.print(cats.firstEntry().getValue());\par
\par
A) Minnie Mouse\par
B) Snowball\par
C) Sugar\par
D) The code does not compile.\par
E) The code compiles, but an exception is thrown at runtime.\par
\par
 23. What is the output of the following code snippet?\par
\par
 var fishes = new TreeSet<String>();\par
 fishes.add("Koi");\par
 fishes.addFirst("clown");\par
fishes.add("carp");\par
 for(var fish : fishes)\par
   System.out.print(fish + ", ");\par
\par
A) carp, clown, Koi,\par
B) carp, Koi, clown,\par
C) clown, carp, Koi,\par
D) clown, Koi, carp,\par
E) Koi, carp, clown,\par
F) Koi, clown, carp,\par
G) The code does not compile.\par
H) The code compiles but throws an exception at runtime.\par
}
 