{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1036{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.22621}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang12 1. What is the result of executing the following code snippet?\par
\par
 41: final int score1 = 8, score2 = 3;\par
 42: Integer myScore = 7;\par
 43: var goal = switch (myScore) \{\par
 44:    case score1, score2, 7 -> "good";\par
 45:    case Integer i when i < 10 -> "better";\par
 46:    case Integer i when i >= 10 -> "best"; \par
47:    default -> \{ yield "unknown";\}\par
 48:    case null -> "nope";    \par
49: \};\par
 50: System.out.print(goal);\par
\par
A) good\par
B) better\par
C) best\par
D) unknown\par
E) nope\par
F) Line 44 does not compile.\par
G) Line 45 does not compile.\par
H) Line 46 does not compile.\par
I) Line 47 does not compile.\par
J) Line 48 does not compile.\par
\par
2. What is the output of the following code snippet?\par
\par
 int moon = 9, star = 2 + 2 * 3;\par
 float sun = star > 10 ? 1 : 3;\par
 double jupiter = (sun + moon) - 1.0f;\par
 int mars = --moon <= 8 ? 2 : 3;\par
 System.out.println(sun + ", " + jupiter + ", " + mars);\par
\par
A) 1, 11, 2\par
B) 3.0, 11.0, 2\par
C) 1.0, 11.0, 3\par
D) 3.0, 13.0, 3\par
E) 3.0f, 12, 2\par
F) The code does not compile because one of the assignments requires an\par
 explicit numeric cast.\par
 \par
3. Which APIs exist for creating or working with virtual threads? (Choose all that\par
 apply.)\par
\par
A) Executors.newVirtualThread()\par
B) Executors.newVirtualThreadExecutor()\par
C) Executors.newVirtualThreadPerTaskExecutor()\par
D) new VirtualThread()\par
E) Thread.ofVirtual()\par
F) Thread.ofVirtualThread()\par
\par
4. What is the output of this code?\par
\par
 20: Predicate<String> empty = String::isEmpty;\par
 21: Predicate<String> notEmpty = empty.negate();\par
 22:\par
 23: var result = Stream.generate(() -> "")\par
 24:    .filter(notEmpty)\par
 25:    .collect(Collectors.groupingBy(k -> k))\par
 26:    .entrySet()\par
 27:    .stream()\par
 28:    .map(Entry::getValue)\par
 29:    .flatMap(Collection::stream)\par
 30:    .collect(Collectors.partitioningBy(notEmpty));\par
 31: System.out.println(result);\par
\par
A) It outputs \{\}.\par
B) It outputs \{false=[], true=[]\}.\par
C) The code does not compile.\par
D) The code does not terminate.\par
\par
5. What is the result of the following program?\par
\par
1: public class MathFunctions \{\par
 2:    public static void addToInt(int x, int amountToAdd) \{\par
 3:       x = x + amountToAdd % -5;\par
 4:    \}\par
 5:    public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
 6:       var a = 15;\par
 7:       var b = 10;\par
 8:       MathFunctions.addToInt(a, b);\par
 9:       System.out.println(a);   \} \}\par
\par
A) 10\par
B) 15\par
C) 25\par
D) Compiler error on line 3\par
E) Compiler error on line 8\par
F) None of the above\par
\par
6. Suppose that we have the following property files and code. What values are\par
 printed on lines 8 and 9, respectively?\par
\par
 Penguin.properties \par
name=Billy\par
 age=1\par
 \par
Penguin_de.properties \par
name=Chilly\par
 age=4\par
 \par
Penguin_en.properties \par
name=Willy\par
 \par
5: Locale fr = Locale.of("fr");\par
 6: Locale.setDefault(Locale.of("en", "US"));\par
 7: var b = ResourceBundle.getBundle("Penguin", fr);\par
 8: System.out.println(b.getString("name"));\par
 9: System.out.println(b.getString("age"));\par
\par
A) Billy and 1\par
B) Billy and null\par
C) Willy and 1\par
D) Willy and null\par
E) Chilly and null\par
F) The code does not compile.\par
\par
7. What is guaranteed to be printed by the following code? (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
 int[] array = \{6, 9, 8\};\par
 System.out.println("B" + Arrays.binarySearch(array,9));\par
 System.out.println("C" + Arrays.compare(array,\par
  new int[] \{6, 9, 8\}));\par
 System.out.println("M" + Arrays.mismatch(array,\par
  new int[] \{6, 9, 8\}));\par
\par
A) B1\par
B) B2\par
C) C-1\par
D) C0\par
E) M-1\par
F) M0\par
G) The code does not compile.\par
\par
8. Which functional interfaces complete the following code, presuming variable r\par
 exists? (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
 6:  _____ x = r.negate();\par
 7:  _____ y = () -> System.out.println();\par
 8:  _____ z = (a, b) -> a - b;\par
\par
A) BinaryPredicate<Integer, Integer>\par
B) Comparable<Integer>\par
C) Comparator<Integer>\par
D) Consumer<Integer>\par
E) Predicate<Integer>\par
F) Runnable\par
G) Runnable<Integer>\par
\par
9. Suppose you have a module named com.vet. Where could you place the\par
 following module-info.java file to create a valid module?\par
\par
 public module com.vet \{\par
   exports com.vet;\par
 \}\par
\par
A) At the same level as the com folder\par
B) At the same level as the vet folder\par
C) Inside the vet folder\par
D) None of the above\par
\par
10. What is the output of the following program? (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
 15: interface HasTail \{ default int getTailLength() \{ return 2; \} \}\par
 16: abstract class Puma implements HasTail \{\par
 17:    int getTailLength() \{ return 4; \} \}\par
 18: public class Cougar implements HasTail \{\par
 19:    public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
 20:       int length = 10;\par
 21:       try \{\par
 22:          var puma = new Puma() \{\par
 23:             public int getTailLength() \{ return length; \}\par
 24:          \};\par
 25:          System.out.print(puma.getTailLength());\par
 26:       \} catch (Exception e) \{\par
 27:          length++;\par
 28:       \} \}\par
 29:    public int getTailLength(int length) \{ return 2; \}\par
 30: \}\par
\par
A) 2\par
B) 4\par
C) 10\par
D) Line 15 does not compile.\par
E) Line 16 does not compile.\par
F) Line 17 does not compile.\par
G) Line 20 does not compile.\par
H) Lines 22\f1\endash 24 do not compile.\par
\f0 I)\f1  Line 27 does not compile.\par
\f0 J)\f1  None of the above.\par
\par
11. Which lines in Tadpole.java give a compiler error? (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
 // Frog.java\par
 1:  package animal;\par
 2:  public class Frog \{\par
 3:     protected void ribbit() \{ \}\par
 4:     void jump() \{ \}\par
 5:  \}\par
\par
 // Tadpole.java\par
 1:  package other;\par
 2:  import animal.*;\par
 3:  public class Tadpole extends Frog \{\par
 4:     public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
 5:        Tadpole t = new Tadpole();\par
 6:        t.ribbit();\par
 7:        t.jump();\par
 8:        Frog f = new Tadpole();\par
 9:        f.ribbit();\par
 10:       f.jump();\par
 11:    \} \}\par
\par
\f0 A)\f1  Line 5.\par
\f0 B)\f1  Line 6.\par
\f0 C)\f1  Line 7.\par
\f0 D)\f1  Line 8.\par
\f0 E)\f1  Line 9.\par
\f0 F)\f1  Line 10.\par
\f0 G)\f1  All of the lines compile.\par
\par
12. Which of the following statements can fill in the blank to make the code\par
 compile successfully? (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
 Set<? extends RuntimeException> mySet = new  _______________ ();\par
\par
\f0 A)\f1  HashSet<? extends RuntimeException>\par
\f0 B)\f1  HashSet<Exception>\par
\f0 C)\f1  TreeSet<RuntimeException>\par
\f0 D)\f1  TreeSet<NullPointerException>\par
\f0 E)\f1  LinkedHashSet<>\par
\f0 F)\f1  LinkedHashSet<?>\par
\f0 G)\f1  None of the above\par
\par
13. Assume that birds.ser exists, is accessible, and contains data for a Bird object.\par
 What is the result of executing the following code? (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
 1:  import java.io.*;\par
 2:  public class Bird \{\par
 3:     private String name;\par
 4:     private transient Integer age;\par
 5:\par
6:     // Getters/setters omitted\par
 7:\par
 8:     public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
 9:        try(var is = new ObjectInputStream(\par
 10:             new BufferedInputStream(\par
 11:             new FileInputStream("birds.ser")))) \{\par
 12:          Bird b = is.readObject();\par
 13:          System.out.println(b.age);\par
 14:       \} \} \}\par
\par
\f0 A)\f1  It compiles and prints 0 at runtime.\par
\f0 B)\f1  It compiles and prints null at runtime.\par
\f0 C)\f1  It compiles and prints a number at runtime.\par
\f0 D)\f1  The code will not compile because of lines 9\endash 11.\par
\f0 E)\f1  The code will not compile because of line 12.\par
\f0 F)\f1  It compiles but throws an exception at runtime.\par
\par
14. How many of the following declarations (lines 14\endash 19) are valid instance\par
 members of a class?\par
\par
 13: public class Zoo \{\par
 14:    var var = 3;\par
 15:    Var case = new Var();\par
 16:    void var() \{\}\par
 17:    int Var() \{ var _ = 7; return _;\}\par
 18:    String new = "var";\par
 19:    var var() \{ return null; \}\par
 20: \}\par
\par
\f0 A)\f1  0\par
\f0 B)\f1  1\par
\f0 C)\f1  2\par
\f0 D)\f1  3\par
\f0 E)\f1  4\par
\f0 F)\f1  5\par
\par
15. Which is true if the contents of path1 start with the text Howdy? (Choose two.)\par
\par
 System.out.println(Files.mismatch(path1,path2));\par
\par
\f0 A)\f1  If path2 doesn\rquote t exist, the code prints -1.\par
\f0 B)\f1  If path2 doesn\rquote t exist, the code prints 0.\par
\f0 C)\f1  If path2 doesn\rquote t exist, the code throws an exception.\par
\f0 D)\f1  If the contents of path2 start with Hello, the code prints -1.\par
\f0 E)\f1  If the contents of path2 start with Hello, the code prints 0.\par
\f0 F)\f1  If the contents of path2 start with Hello, the code prints 1.\par
\par
16. Which of the following is the best type to insert into the blank to allow the\par
 program to compile successfully?\par
\par
\f0\lang1036  \f1\lang12 1: import java.util.*;\par
 2: final class Amphibian \{\}\par
 3: abstract class Tadpole extends Amphibian \{\}\par
 4: public class FindAllTadpoles \{\par
\f0  5:    public static void main(String\'85 args) \{\f1\par
 6:       var tadpoles = new ArrayList<Tadpole>();\par
 7:       for (var amphibian : tadpoles) \{\par
 8:             ______________ tadpole = amphibian;\par
 9: \} \} \}\par
\par
\f0 A)\f1  List<Tadpole>\par
\f0 B)\f1  Boolean\par
\f0 C)\f1  Amphibian\par
\f0 D)\f1  Tadpole\par
\f0 E)\f1  Object\par
\f0 F)\f1  None of the above\par
\par
17. What is the result of compiling and executing the following program?\par
\par
 1:  public class FeedingSchedule \{\par
 2:     public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
 3:        var x = 5;\par
 4:        var j = 0;\par
 5:        OUTER: for (var i = 0; i < 3;)\par
 6:           INNER: do \{\par
 7:              i++;\par
 8:              x++;\par
 9:              if (x> 10) break INNER;\par
 10:             x += 4;\par
 11:             j++;\par
 12:          \} while (j <= 2);\par
 13:       System.out.println(x);\par
 14: \} \}\par
\par
\f0 A)\f1  10\par
\f0 B)\f1  11\par
\f0 C)\f1  12\par
\f0 D)\f1  17\par
\f0 E)\f1  The code will not compile because of line 5.\par
\f0 F)\f1  The code will not compile because of line 6.\par
\par
18. When printed, which String gives the same value as this text block?\par
\par
 var pooh = """\par
   "Oh, bother." -Pooh\par
   """.indent(1);\par
 System.out.print(pooh);\par
\par
\f0 A)\f1  "\\n\\"Oh, bother.\\" -Pooh\\n"\par
\f0 B)\f1  "\\n \\"Oh, bother.\\" -Pooh\\n"\par
\f0 C)\f1  " \\"Oh, bother.\\" -Pooh\\n"\par
\f0 D)\f1  "\\n\\"Oh, bother.\\" -Pooh"\par
\f0 E)\f1  "\\n \\"Oh, bother.\\" -Pooh"\par
\f0 F)\f1  " \\"Oh, bother.\\" -Pooh"\par
\f0 G)\f1  None of the above\par
\par
19. A(n) _________________ module always contains a module-info.java file,\par
 while a(n) _____________ module always exports all its packages to other\par
modules.\par
\par
\f0 A)\f1  automatic, named\par
\f0 B)\f1  automatic, unnamed\par
\f0 C)\f1  named, automatic\par
\f0 D)\f1  named, unnamed\par
\f0 E)\f1  unnamed, automatic\par
\f0 F)\f1  unnamed, named\par
\f0 G)\f1  None of the above\par
\par
20. What is the result of the following code?\par
 22: SequencedMap<Character,Integer> t = new TreeMap<>();\par
 23: t.put('k', 1);\par
 24: t.put('m', 2);\par
 25: var u = Collections.unmodifiableMap(t);\par
 26: t.put('m', 3);\par
 27: t.putFirst('m', 4);\par
 28: t.putLast('x', 5);\par
 29: t.replaceAll((k, v) -> v + v);\par
 30: u.entrySet()\par
 31:    .stream()\par
 32:    .map(e -> e.getValue())\par
 33:    .forEach(System.out::print);\par
\par
\f0 A)\f1  145\par
\f0 B)\f1  125\par
\f0 C)\f1  135\par
\f0 D)\f1  2468\par
\f0 E)\f1  2810\par
\f0 F)\f1  2410\par
\f0 G)\f1  The code does not compile.\par
\f0 H)\f1  The code compiles but line 26 throws an exception at runtime.\par
\f0 I)\f1  None of the above.\par
\par
21. Which of the following lines can fill in the blank to print true? (Choose all that\par
 apply.)\par
\par
 10: public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
 11:    System.out.println(test(__________________________________));\par
 12: \}\par
 13: private static boolean test(Function<Integer, Boolean> b) \{\par
 14:    return b.apply(5);\par
 15: \}\par
\par
\f0 A)\f1  i::equals(5)\par
\f0 B)\f1  i -> \{i == 5;\}\par
\f0 C)\f1  (i) -> i == 5\par
\f0 D)\f1  (int i) -> i == 5\par
\f0 E)\f1  (int i) -> \{return i == 5;\}\par
\f0 F)\f1  (i) -> \{return i == 5;\}\par
\par
22. How many times is the word true printed?\par
\par
 var s1 = "Java";\par
 var s2 = "Java";\par
 var s3 = s1.indent(1).strip();\par
 var s4 = s3.intern();\par
 var sb1 = new StringBuilder();\par
 sb1.append("Ja").append("va");\par
 System.out.println(s1 == s2);\par
 System.out.println(s1.equals(s2));\par
 System.out.println(s1 == s3);\par
 System.out.println(s1 == s4);\par
 System.out.println(sb1.toString() == s1);\par
 System.out.println(sb1.toString().equals(s1));\par
\par
\f0 A)\f1  Once.\par
\f0 B)\f1  Twice.\par
\f0 C)\f1  Three times.\par
\f0 D)\f1  Four times.\par
\f0 E)\f1  Five times.\par
\f0 F)\f1  The code does not compile.\par
\par
23. What is the output of the following program?\par
\par
 1:  class Deer \{\par
 2:     public Deer() \{System.out.print("Deer");\}\par
 3:     public Deer(int age) \{System.out.print("DeerAge");\}\par
 4:     protected boolean hasHorns() \{ return false; \}\par
 5:  \}\par
 6:  public class Reindeer extends Deer \{\par
 7:     public Reindeer(int age) \{System.out.print("Reindeer");\}\par
 8:     public boolean hasHorns() \{ return true; \}\par
 9:     public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
 10:       Deer deer = new Reindeer(5);\par
 11:       System.out.println("," + deer.hasHorns());\par
 12: \} \}\par
\par
\f0 A)\f1  ReindeerDeer,false\par
\f0 B)\f1  DeerAgeReindeer,true\par
\f0 C)\f1  DeerReindeer,true\par
\f0 D)\f1  DeerReindeer,false\par
\f0 E)\f1  ReindeerDeer,true\par
\f0 F)\f1  DeerAgeReindeer,false\par
\f0 G)\f1  The code will not compile because of line 4.\par
\f0 H)\f1  The code will not compile because of line 11.\par
\par
24. Which of the following are true? (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
private static void magic(Stream<Integer> s) \{\par
   Optional o = s\par
      .filter(x -> x < 5)\par
      .limit(3)\par
      .max((x, y) -> x - y);\par
   System.out.println(o.get());\par
 \}\par
\f0 A)\f1  magic(Stream.empty()); runs infinitely.\par
\f0 B)\f1  magic(Stream.empty()); throws an exception.\par
\f0 C)\f1  magic(Stream.iterate(1, x -> x++)); runs infinitely.\par
\f0 D)\f1  magic(Stream.iterate(1, x -> x++)); throws an exception.\par
\f0 E)\f1  magic(Stream.of(5, 10)); runs infinitely.\par
\f0 F)\f1  magic(Stream.of(5, 10)); throws an exception.\par
\f0 G)\f1  The method does not compile.\par
\par
25. Assuming the following declarations are top-level types declared in the same\par
 file, which successfully compile? (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
 record Music(List<String> tempo) \{\par
   final int score = 10;\par
 \}\par
\par
 record Song(String lyrics, Music m) \{\par
   Song \{\par
      this.lyrics = lyrics + "Never gonna give you up"; \par
   \} \}\par
 sealed class Dance \{\}\par
 record March() \{\par
   int roll(Song s) \{\par
      return switch (s) \{\par
         case null -> 2;\par
         case Song(var q, Music(List d)) -> 1; \par
         default -> 3;\par
      \};\par
   \}\par
 \}\par
 sealed class Ballet extends Dance permits NewDance \{\par
   Ballet \{\par
      var d = LocalDate.of(2025, Month.OCTOBER, 20);\par
      if (d.isAfter(LocalDate.now()))\par
         System.out.print("say goodbye");\par
   \}\par
 \}\par
 abstract class NewDance extends Ballet \{\}\par
\par
\f0 A)\f1  Music\par
\f0 B)\f1  Song\par
\f0 C)\f1  Dance\par
\f0 D)\f1  March\par
\f0 E)\f1  Ballet\par
\f0 F)\f1  NewDance\par
\f0 G)\f1  None of them compile.\par
\par
26. Which of the following expressions compile without error? (Choose all that\par
 apply.)\par
\par
\f0 A)\f1  int monday = 3 + 2.0;\par
\f0 B)\f1  double tuesday = 5_6L;\par
\f0 C)\f1  boolean wednesday = 1 > 2 ? !true;\par
\f0 D)\f1  short thursday = (short)Integer.MAX_VALUE;\par
\f0 E)\f1  long friday = 8.0L;\par
\f0 F)\f1  var saturday = 2_.0;\par
\f0 G)\f1  None of the above\par
\par
27. What is the result of executing the following application?\par
\par
 final var cb = new CyclicBarrier(3, \par
   () -> System.out.println("Clean!"));  // u1 \par
try (var service = Executors.newSingleThreadExecutor()) \{\par
   IntStream.generate(() -> 1)\par
      .limit(12)\par
      .parallel()\par
      .forEach(i -> service.submit(() -> cb.await()));  // u2\par
 \}\par
\par
\f0 A)\f1  It outputs Clean! at least once.\par
\f0 B)\f1  It outputs Clean! exactly four times.\par
\f0 C)\f1  The code will not compile because of line u1.\par
\f0 D)\f1  The code will not compile because of line u2.\par
\f0 E)\f1  It compiles but throws an exception at runtime.\par
\f0 F)\f1  It compiles but waits forever at runtime.\par
\par
28. Which statement about the following method is true?\par
\f0\par
 5:  public static void main(String\'85 unused) \{\f1\par
 6:     System.out.print("a");\par
 7:     try (StringBuilder reader = new StringBuilder()) \{\par
 8:        System.out.print("b");\par
 9:        throw new IllegalArgumentException();\par
 10:    \} catch (Exception e | RuntimeException e) \{\par
 11:       System.out.print("c");\par
 12:       throw new FileNotFoundException();\par
 13:    \} finally \{\par
 14:       System.out.print("d");\par
 15: \} \}\par
\par
\f0 A)\f1  It compiles and prints abc.\par
\f0 B)\f1  It compiles and prints abd.\par
\f0 C)\f1  It compiles and prints abcd.\par
\f0 D)\f1  One line contains a compiler error.\par
\f0 E)\f1  Two lines contain a compiler error.\par
\f0 F)\f1  Three lines contain a compiler error.\par
\f0 G)\f1  It compiles but prints an exception at runtime.\f0\par
}
 