{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1036{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.22621}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang12 1. Which of the following can be inserted on line 8 to make this code\par
 compile? (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
 7: public void whatHappensNext() throws IOException \{\par
 8:    // INSERT CODE HERE\par
 9: \}\par
\par
A) System.out.println("it\rquote s ok");\par
B) throw new Exception();\par
C) throw new IllegalArgumentException();\par
D) throw new java.io.IOException();\par
E) throw new RuntimeException();\par
F) None of the above\par
\par
 2. Which statement about the following class is correct?\par
\par
1:  class Problem extends Exception \{\par
 2:     public Problem() \{\}\par
 3:  \}\par
 4:  class YesProblem extends Problem \{\}\par
 5:  public class MyDatabase \{\par
 6:     public static void connectToDatabase() throw Problem \par
\{\par
 7:        throws new YesProblem();\par
 8:     \}\par
 9:     public static void main(String[] c) throw Exception \par
\{\par
 10:       connectToDatabase();\par
 11:    \}\par
 12: \}\par
\par
A) The code compiles and prints a stack trace for YesProblem at\par
 runtime.\par
B) The code compiles and prints a stack trace for Problem at\par
 runtime.\par
C) The code does not compile because Problem defines a\par
 constructor.\par
D) The code does not compile because YesProblem does not define a\par
 constructor.\par
E) The code does not compile but would if Problem and YesProblem\par
 were switched on lines 6 and 7.\par
F) None of the above.\par
\par
 3. Which of the following are common types to localize? (Choose all that\par
 apply.)\par
\par
A) Dates\par
B) Lambda expressions\par
C) Class names\par
D) Currency\par
E) Numbers\par
F) Variable names\par
\par
4. What is the output of the following snippet, assuming a and b are both\par
 0?\par
\par
 3:  try \{\par
 4:     System.out.print(a / b);\par
 5:  \} catch (RuntimeException e) \{\par
 6:     System.out.print(-1);\par
 7:  \} catch (ArithmeticException e) \{\par
 8:     System.out.print(0);\par
 9:  \} finally \{\par
 10:    System.out.print("done");\par
 11: \} \par
\par
A) -1\par
B) 0\par
C) done-1\par
D) done0\par
E) The code does not compile.\par
F) An uncaught exception is thrown.\par
G) None of the above.\par
\par
 5. Assuming the current locale uses dollars ($) and the following method\par
 is called with a double value of 100_102.2, which of the following\par
 values are printed? (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
 public void print(double t) \{\par
 System.out.print(NumberFormat.getCompactNumberInstance().fo\par
 rmat(t));\par
   System.out.print(\par
      NumberFormat.getCompactNumberInstance(\par
         Locale.getDefault(), Style.SHORT).format(t));\par
 System.out.print(NumberFormat.getCurrencyInstance().format(\par
 t));\par
 \}\par
\par
A) 100\par
B) $100,000.00\par
C) 100K\par
D) 100 thousand\par
E) 100M\par
F) $100,102.20\par
G) None of the above\par
\par
 6. What is the output of the following code?\par
\par
 LocalDate date = LocalDate.parse("2025-04-30", \par
   DateTimeFormatter.ISO_LOCAL_DATE_TIME);\par
 System.out.println(date.getYear() + " " \par
   + date.getMonth() + " "+ date.getDayOfMonth());\par
\par
A) 2025 APRIL 2\par
B) 2025 APRIL 30\par
C) 2025 MAY 2\par
D) The code does not compile.\par
E) A runtime exception is thrown.\par
\par
 7. What does the following method print?\par
\par
 11: public void tryAgain(String s) \{\par
 12:    try (FileReader r = null, p = new FileReader("")) \{\par
 13:       System.out.print("X");\par
 14:       throw new IllegalArgumentException();\par
 15:    \} catch (Exception s) \{\par
 16:       System.out.print("A");\par
 17:       throw new FileNotFoundException();\par
 18:    \} finally \{\par
 19:       System.out.print("O");\par
 20:    \}\par
 21: \}\par
\par
A) XAO\par
B) XOA\par
C) One line of this method contains a compiler error.\par
D) Two lines of this method contain compiler errors.\par
E) Three or more lines of this method contain compiler errors.\par
F) The code compiles, but a NullPointerException is thrown at\par
 runtime.\par
G) None of the above.\par
\par
 8. Assume that all of the files mentioned in the answer choices exist and\par
 define the same keys. Which one will be used to find the key in line 8?\par
\par
 6: Locale.setDefault(Locale.of("en", "US"));\par
 7: var b = ResourceBundle.getBundle("Dolphins");\par
 8: System.out.println(b.getString("name"));\par
\par
A) Dolphins.properties\par
B) Dolphins_US.properties\par
C) Dolphins_en.properties\par
D) Whales.properties\par
E) Whales_en_US.properties\par
F) The code does not compile.\par
\par
 9. For what value of pattern will the following print <005.21>\par
 <008.49> <1,234.0>?\par
\par
 String pattern = "____________________";\par
 var message = DoubleStream.of(5.21, 8.49, 1234)\par
   .mapToObj(v -> new DecimalFormat(pattern).format(v))\par
   .collect(Collectors.joining("> <"));\par
 System.out.println("<"+message+">");\par
\par
A) ##.#\par
B) 0,000.0#\par
C) #,###.0\par
D) #,###,000.0#\par
E) The code does not compile regardless of what is placed in the\par
 blank.\par
F) None of the above.\par
\par
 10. Which scenario is the best use of an exception?\par
\par
A) An element is not found when searching a list.\par
B) An unexpected parameter is passed into a method.\par
C) The computer caught fire.\par
D) You want to loop through a list.\par
E) You don\rquote t know how to code a method.\par
\par
 11. Which of the following exceptions must be handled or declared in the\par
 method in which they are thrown? (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
 class Apple extends RuntimeException \{\}\par
 class Orange extends Exception \{\}\par
 class Banana extends Error \{\}\par
 class Pear extends Apple \{\}\par
 class Tomato extends Orange \{\}\par
 class Peach extends Throwable \{\}\par
\par
A) Apple\par
B) Orange\par
C) Banana\par
D) Pear\par
E) Tomato\par
F) Peach\par
\par
 12. Which of the following changes, when made independently, would\par
 make this code compile? (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
 1:  import java.io.*; \par
2:  public class StuckTurkeyCage implements AutoCloseable \{\par
 3:     public void close() throws IOException \{\par
 4:        throw new FileNotFoundException("Cage not \par
closed");\par
 5:     \}\par
 6:     public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
 7:        try (StuckTurkeyCage t = new StuckTurkeyCage()) \{\par
 8:           System.out.println("put turkeys in");\par
 9:        \}\par
 10:    \} \}\par
\par
A) Remove throws IOException from the declaration on line 3.\par
B) Add throws Exception to the declaration on line 6.\par
C) Change line 9 to \} catch (Exception e) \{\}.\par
D) Change line 9 to \} finally \{\}.\par
E) The code compiles as is.\par
F) None of the above.\par
\par
 13. Which of the following are true statements about exception handling in\par
 Java? (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
A) A traditional try statement without a catch block requires a\par
 finally block.\par
B) A traditional try statement without a finally block requires a\par
 catch block.\par
C) A traditional try statement with only one statement can omit the\par
 \{\}.\par
D) A try-with-resources statement without a catch block requires a\par
 finally block.\par
E) A try-with-resources statement without a finally block requires\par
 a catch block.\par
F) A try-with-resources statement with only one statement can omit\par
 the \{\}.\par
\par
 14. Assuming -g:vars is used when the code is compiled to include debug\par
 information, what is the output of the following code snippet?\par
\par
 var huey = (String)null;\par
 Integer dewey = null;\par
 Object louie = null;\par
 if(louie == huey.substring(dewey.intValue())) \{\par
   System.out.println("Quack!");\par
 \}\par
\par
A) A NullPointerException that does not include any variable\par
 names in the stack trace\par
B) A NullPointerException naming huey in the stack trace\par
C) A NullPointerException naming dewey in the stack trace\par
D) A NullPointerException naming louie in the stack trace\par
E) A NullPointerException naming huey and louie in the stack\par
 trace\par
F) A NullPointerException naming huey and dewey in the stack\par
 trace\par
G) None of the above\par
\par
 15. Which of the following, when inserted independently in the blank, use\par
 locale parameters that are properly formatted? (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
 import java.util.Locale;\par
 public class ReadMap implements AutoCloseable \{\par
   private Locale locale;\par
   private boolean closed = false;\par
   @Override public void close() \{\par
      System.out.println("Folding map");\par
      locale = null;\par
      closed = true;\par
   \}\par
   public void open() \{\par
      this.locale = ____________;\par
   \}\par
   public void use() \{\par
      // Implementation omitted\par
   \}\par
 \}\par
\par
A) Locale.of("xM")\par
B) Locale.of("MQ", "ks")\par
C) Locale.of("qw")\par
D) Locale.of("wp", "VW")\par
E) Locale.create("zp")\par
F) new Locale.Builder().setLanguage("yw").setRegion("PM")\par
G) The code does not compile regardless of what is placed in the\par
 blank.\par
\par
 16. Which of the following can be inserted into the blank to allow the code\par
 to compile and run without throwing an exception?\par
\par
var f = DateTimeFormatter.ofPattern("hh o'clock");\par
 System.out.println(f.format(___________________.now()));\par
\par
A) ZonedTime\par
B) LocalDate\par
C) LocalTimestamp\par
D) LocalTime\par
E) The code does not compile regardless of what is placed in the\par
blank.\par
F) None of the above.\par
\par
 17. Which of the following statements about resource bundles are correct?\par
 (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
A) All keys must be in the same resource bundle to be used.\par
B) A resource bundle is loaded by calling the new\par
ResourceBundle() constructor.\par
C) Resource bundle values are always read using the Properties\par
class.\par
D) Changing the default locale lasts for only a single run of the\par
program.\par
E) If a resource bundle for a specific locale is requested, then the\par
resource bundle for the default locale will not be used.\par
F) It is possible to use a resource bundle for a locale without\par
specifying a default locale.\par
\par
 18. What is the output of the following code?\par
\par
 import java.io.*;\par
 public class FamilyCar \{\par
   static class Door implements AutoCloseable \{\par
      public void close() \{\par
         System.out.print("D");\par
   \} \}\par
   static class Window implements Closeable \{\par
      public void close() \{\par
         System.out.print("W");\par
         throw new RuntimeException();\par
   \} \}\par
   public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
      var d = new Door();\par
      try (d; var w = new Window()) \{\par
         System.out.print("T");\par
      \} catch (Exception e) \{\par
         System.out.print("E");\par
      \} finally \{\par
         System.out.print("F");\par
      \} \} \}\par
\par
A) TWF\par
B) TWDF\par
C) TWDEF\par
D) TWF followed by an exception\par
E) TWDF followed by an exception\par
F) TWEF followed by an exception\par
G) The code does not compile.\par
\par
 19. Suppose that we have the following three properties files and code.\par
 Which bundles are used on lines 8 and 9, respectively?\par
\par
 Dolphins.properties \par
name=The Dolphin\par
 age=0\par
 Dolphins_en.properties \par
name=Dolly\par
 age=4\par
 Dolphins_fr.properties \par
name=Dolly\par
 5: var fr = Locale.of("fr");\par
 6: Locale.setDefault(Locale.of("en", "US"));\par
 7: var b = ResourceBundle.getBundle("Dolphins", fr);\par
 8: b.getString("name");\par
 9: b.getString("age");\par
\par
A) Dolphins.properties and Dolphins.properties\par
B) Dolphins.properties and Dolphins_en.properties\par
C) Dolphins_en.properties and Dolphins_en.properties\par
D) Dolphins_fr.properties and Dolphins.properties\par
E) Dolphins_fr.properties and Dolphins_en.properties\par
F) The code does not compile.\par
G) None of the above.\par
\par
 20. What is printed by the following program?\par
\par
 1:  public class DriveBus \{\par
 2:     public void go() \{\par
 3:        System.out.print("A");\par
 4:        try \{\par
 5:           stop();\par
 6:        \} catch (ArithmeticException e) \{\par
 7:           System.out.print("B");\par
 8:        \} finally \{\par
 9:           System.out.print("C");\par
 10:       \}\par
 11:       System.out.print("D");\par
 12:    \}\par
 13:    public void stop() \{\par
 14:       System.out.print("E");\par
 15:       Object x = null;\par
 16:       x.toString();\par
 17:       System.out.print("F");\par
 18:    \}\par
 19:    public static void main(String n[]) \{\par
 20:       new DriveBus().go();\par
 21:    \} \}\par
\par
A) AE\par
B) AEBCD\par
C) AEC\par
D) AECD\par
E) AE followed by a stack trace\par
F) AEBCD followed by a stack trace\par
G) AEC followed by a stack trace\par
H) A stack trace with no other output\par
\par
21. Which change allows the following program to compile?\par
\par
 1: public class AhChoo \{\par
 2:    static class SneezeException extends Exception \{\}\par
 3:    static class SniffleException extends SneezeException \par
\{\}\par
 4:    public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
 5:       try \{\par
 6:          throw new SneezeException();\par
 7:       \} catch (SneezeException | SniffleException e) \{\par
 8:       \} finally \{\}\par
 9:    \} \}\par
\par
A) Add throws SneezeException to the declaration on line 4.\par
B) Add throws Throwable to the declaration on line 4.\par
C) Change line 7 to \} catch (SneezeException e) \{.\par
D) Change line 7 to \} catch (SniffleException e) \{.\par
E) Remove line 7.\par
F) The code compiles correctly as is.\par
G) None of the above.\par
\par
 22. What is the output of the following code?\par
\par
 try \{\par
   LocalDateTime book = LocalDateTime.of(2025, 4, 5, 12, \par
30, 20);\par
 System.out.print(book.format(DateTimeFormatter.ofPattern("m\par
 ")));\par
 System.out.print(book.format(DateTimeFormatter.ofPattern("z\par
 ")));\par
 System.out.print(DateTimeFormatter.ofPattern("y").format(bo\par
 ok));\par
 \} catch (Throwable e) \{\}\par
\par
A) 4\par
B) 30\par
C) 402\par
D) 3002\par
E) 3002025\par
F) 402025\par
G) None of the above\par
\par
 23. Fill in the blank: A class that implements _________________ may be\par
 in a try-with-resources statement. (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
A) AutoCloseable\par
B) Resource\par
C) Exception\par
D) AutomaticResource\par
E) Closeable\par
F) RuntimeException\par
G) Serializable\par
\par
 24. What is the output of the following program?\par
\par
 public class SnowStorm \{\par
   static class WalkToSchool implements AutoCloseable \{\par
      public void close() \{\par
         throw new RuntimeException("flurry");\par
      \} \}\par
   public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
      WalkToSchool walk1 = new WalkToSchool();\par
      try (walk1; WalkToSchool walk2 = new WalkToSchool()) \par
\{\par
         throw new RuntimeException("blizzard");\par
      \} catch(Exception e) \{\par
         System.out.println(e.getMessage()\par
            + " " + e.getSuppressed().length);\par
      \}\par
      walk1 = null;\par
   \} \}\par
\par
A) blizzard 0\par
B) blizzard 1\par
C) blizzard 2\par
D) flurry 0\par
E) flurry 1\par
F) flurry 2\par
G) None of the above\par
\par
 25. Assuming U.S. currency is in dollars ($) and German currency is in\par
 euros (\'80), what is the output of the following program?\par
\par
 import java.text.NumberFormat;\par
 import java.util.Locale;\par
 import java.util.Locale.Category;\par
 public record Wallet(double money) \{\par
   private String openWallet() \{\par
      Locale.setDefault(Category.DISPLAY,\par
         new Locale.Builder().setRegion("us").build());\par
      Locale.setDefault(Category.FORMAT,\par
         new Locale.Builder().setLanguage("en").build());\par
      return \par
NumberFormat.getCurrencyInstance(Locale.GERMANY)\par
         .format(money);\par
   \}\par
   public void printBalance() \{\par
      System.out.println(openWallet());\par
   \}   \par
   public static void main(String\'85 unused) \{\par
      new Wallet(2.4).printBalance();\par
   \} \}\par
\par
A) 2,40 \'80\par
B) $2.40\par
C) 2.4\par
D) The code does not compile.\par
E) None of the above.\par
\par
 26. Which lines can fill in the blank to make the following code compile?\par
 (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
 void rollOut() throws ClassCastException \{\}\par
 public void transform(String c) \{\par
   try \{\par
      rollOut();\par
   \} catch (IllegalArgumentException \par
|________________________) \{\par
   \}\par
 \}\par
\par
A) IOException a\par
B) Error b\par
C) NullPointerException c\par
D) RuntimeException d\par
E) NumberFormatException e\par
F) ClassCastException f\par
G) None of the above. The code contains a compiler error regardless\par
of what is inserted into the blank.\par
}
 