{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1036{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.22621}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang12 1. What is the output of the following code snippet?\par
\par
 32: Object skips = 10;\par
 33: switch (skips) \{\par
 34:    case a when a < 10  -> System.out.print(2);\par
 35:    case b when b>= 10 -> System.out.print(4);\par
 36:    case null -> System.out.print(6);\par
37:    default   -> System.out.print(8);\par
 38: \}\par
\par
 A) 2\par
 B) 4\par
 C) 6\par
 D) 8\par
 E) Exactly one line does not compile.\par
 F. Exactly two lines do not compile.\par
 G) None of the above.\par
\par
 2. Which of the following data types can be used in a switch expression?\par
 (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
 A) enum\par
 B) int\par
 C) Byte\par
 D) long\par
 E) boolean\par
 F. double\par
\par
 3. What is the output of the following code snippet?\par
\par
 3: int temperature = 4;\par
 4: long humidity = -temperature + temperature * 3;\par
 5: if (temperature>=4)\par
 6: if (humidity < 6) System.out.println("Too Low");\par
 7: else System.out.println("Just Right");\par
 8: else System.out.println("Too High");\par
\par
 A) Too Low\par
 B) Just Right\par
 C) Too High\par
 D) A NullPointerException is thrown at runtime.\par
 E) The code will not compile because of line 7.\par
F. The code will not compile because of line 8.\par
\par
 4. Which of the following data types are permitted on the right side of a\par
 for-each expression? (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
 A) Double[][]\par
 B) Object\par
 C) Map\par
 D) List\par
 E) String\par
 F. char[]\par
 G) Exception\par
\par
 5. What is the output of calling printReptile(6)?\par
\par
 void printReptile(int category) \{\par
   var type = switch (category) \{\par
      case 1,2 -> "Snake";\par
      case 3,4 -> "Lizard";\par
      case 5,6 -> "Turtle";\par
      case 7,8 -> "Alligator";\par
   \};\par
   System.out.print(type);\par
 \}\par
\par
 A) Snake\par
 B) Lizard\par
 C) Turtle\par
 D) Alligator\par
 E) TurtleAlligator\par
 F) None of the above\par
\par
 6. What is the output of the following code snippet? \par
\par
List<Integer> myFavoriteNumbers = new ArrayList<>();\par
 myFavoriteNumbers.add(10);\par
 myFavoriteNumbers.add(14);\par
 for (var a : myFavoriteNumbers) \{\par
   System.out.print(a + ", ");\par
   break;\par
 \}\par
 for (int b : myFavoriteNumbers) \{\par
   continue;\par
   System.out.print(b + ", ");\par
 \}\par
 for (Object c : myFavoriteNumbers)\par
   System.out.print(c + ", ");\par
\par
 A) It compiles and runs without issue but does not produce any\par
 output.\par
 B) 10, 14,\par
 C) 10, 10, 14,\par
 D) 10, 10, 14, 10, 14,\par
 E) Exactly one line of code does not compile.\par
 F) Exactly two lines of code do not compile.\par
 G) Three or more lines of code do not compile.\par
 H) The code contains an infinite loop and does not terminate.\par
\par
 7. Assuming weather is a well-formed nonempty array, which code\par
 snippet, when inserted independently into the blank in the following\par
 code, prints all of the elements of weather? (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
 private void print(int[] weather) \{\par
   for () \{\par
      System.out.println(weather[i]);\par
   \}\par
 \}\par
\par
 A) int i=weather.length; i>0; i-\par
B) int i=0; i<=weather.length-1; ++i\par
 C) var w : weather\par
 D) int i=weather.length-1; i>=0; i-\par
E) int i=0, int j=3; i<weather.length; ++i\par
 F) int i=0; ++i<10 && i<weather.length;\par
G) None of the above\par
\par
 8. What is the output of calling printType(11)?\par
\par
 31: void printType(Object o) \{\par
 32:    if (o instanceof Integer bat) \{\par
 33:       System.out.print("int");\par
 34:    \} else if (o instanceof Integer bat && bat < 10) \{\par
 35:       System.out.print("small int");\par
 36:    \} else if (o instanceof Long bat || bat <= 20) \{\par
 37:       System.out.print("long");\par
 38:    \} default \{\par
 39:       System.out.print("unknown");\par
 40:    \}\par
 41: \}\par
\par
 A) int\par
 B) small int\par
 C) long\par
 D) unknown\par
 E) Nothing is printeD)\par
 F) The code contains one line that does not compile.\par
 G) The code contains two lines that do not compile.\par
 H) None of the above.\par
\par
 9. Which statements, when inserted independently into the following\par
 blank, will cause the code to print 2 at runtime? (Choose all that\par
 apply.)\par
\par
 int count = 0;\par
 BUNNY: for (int row = 1; row <=3; row++)\par
   RABBIT: for (int col = 0; col <3 ; col++) \{\par
      if ((col + row) % 2 == 0)\par
         ;\par
      count++;\par
   \}\par
 System.out.println(count);\par
\par
 A) break BUNNY\par
B) break RABBIT\par
 C) continue BUNNY\par
 D) continue RABBIT\par
 E) break\par
 F) continue\par
 G) None of the above, as the code contains a compiler error\par
\par
 10. Given the following method, how many lines contain compilation\par
 errors?\par
\par
 8:  enum DayOfWeek \{\par
 9:     SUNDAY, MONDAY, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY, THURSDAY, \par
FRIDAY, SATURDAY;\par
 10:    private DayOfWeek getWeekDay(int day, final int \par
thursday) \{\par
 11:       int otherDay = day;\par
 12:       int Sunday = 0;\par
 13:       switch (otherDay) \{\par
 14:          default:\par
 15:          case 1: continue; \par
16:          case thursday: return DayOfWeek.THURSDAY;\par
 17:          case 2,10: break;\par
 18:          case Sunday: return DayOfWeek.SUNDAY;\par
 19:          case DayOfWeek.MONDAY: return \par
DayOfWeek.MONDAY;\par
 20:       \}\par
 21:       return DayOfWeek.FRIDAY;\par
 22:    \} \}\par
\par
 A) None, the code compiles and runs without issue.\par
 B) 1.\par
 C) 2.\par
 D) 3.\par
 E) 4.\par
 F) 5.\par
 G) 6.\par
 H) The code compiles but may produce an error at runtime.\par
\par
11. What is the output of calling printLocation(Animal.MAMMAL)?\par
\par
 10: class Zoo \{\par
 11:    enum Animal \{BIRD, FISH, MAMMAL\}\par
 12:    void printLocation(Animal a) \{\par
 13:       long type = switch (a) \{\par
 14:          case BIRD -> 1;\par
 15:          case FISH -> 2;\par
 16:          case MAMMAL -> 3;\par
 17:          default -> 4;\par
 18:       \};\par
 19:       System.out.print(type);\par
 20:    \} \}\par
\par
 A) 3\par
 B) 4\par
 C) 34\par
 D) The code does not compile because of line 13.\par
 E) The code does not compile because of line 17.\par
 F) None of the above.\par
\par
 12. What is the result of the following code snippet?\par
\par
 3: int sing = 8, squawk = 2, notes = 0;\par
 4: while (sing> squawk) \{\par
 5:    sing--;\par
 6:    squawk += 2;\par
 7:    notes += sing + squawk;\par
 8: \}\par
 9: System.out.println(notes);\par
\par
 A) 11\par
 B) 13\par
 C) 23\par
 D) 33\par
 E) 50\par
 F) The code will not compile because of line 7.\par
\par
13. What is the result of calling getHatSize(9f) on the following code\par
 snippet?\par
\par
 10: int getHatSize(Number measurement) \{\par
 11:    return switch (measurement) \{\par
 12:       case Double d -> 1 + D)intValue();\par
 13:       case null     -> 11;\par
 14:       case !(Number n) -> 3 + n.intValue(); \par
15:       case Float f when f < 10 -> 4 + F)intValue();\par
 16:    \};\par
 17: \}\par
\par
 A) 10\par
 B) 11\par
 C) 12\par
 D) 13\par
 E) The code does not compile because it is missing a default\par
 clausE)\par
 F) The code does not compile for a different reason.\par
\par
 14. What is the output of the following code snippet?\par
\par
 2: boolean keepGoing = true;\par
 3: int result = 15, meters = 10;\par
 4: do \{\par
 5:    meters--;\par
 6:    if (meters==8) keepGoing = false;\par
 7:    result -= 2;\par
 8: \} while keepGoing;\par
 9: System.out.println(result);\par
\par
 A) 7\par
 B) 9\par
 C) 10\par
 D) 11\par
 E) 15\par
 F. The code will not compile because of line 6.\par
 G) The code does not compile for a different reason.\par
\par
15. Which statements about the following code snippet are correct?\par
 (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
 for (var penguin : new int[2])\par
   System.out.println(penguin);\par
 var ostrich = new Character[3];\par
 for (var emu : ostrich)\par
   System.out.println(emu);\par
 List<Integer> parrots = new ArrayList<Integer>();\par
 for (var macaw  : parrots)\par
   System.out.println(macaw);\par
\par
 A) The data type of penguin is Integer.\par
 B) The data type of penguin is int.\par
 C) The data type of emu is undefineD)\par
 D) The data type of emu is Character.\par
 E) The data type of macaw is List.\par
 F. The data type of macaw is Integer.\par
 G) None of the above, as the code does not compile.\par
\par
 16. What is the result of the following code snippet?\par
\par
 final char a = 'A', e = 'E';\par
 char grade = 'B';\par
 switch (grade) \{\par
   default:\par
   case a:\par
   case 'B': 'C': System.out.print("great ");\par
   case 'D':      System.out.print("good "); break;\par
   case e:\par
   case 'F':      System.out.print("not good ");\par
 \}\par
\par
 A) great\par
 B) great good\par
 C) good\par
 D) not good\par
E) The code does not compile because the data type of one or more\par
 case clauses does not match the data type of the switch variable.\par
 F. None of the above.\par
\par
 17. Given the following array, which code snippets print the elements in\par
 reverse order from how they are declared? (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
 char[] wolf = \{'W', 'e', 'b', 'b', 'y'\};\par
\par
 A) int q = wolf.length;\par
 for ( ; ; ) \{\par
   System.out.print(wolf[--q]);\par
   if (q==0) break;\par
 \}\par
 B) for (int m=wolf.length-1; m>=0; --m)\par
   System.out.print(wolf[m]);\par
 C) for (int z=0; z<wolf.length; z++)\par
   System.out.print(wolf[wolf.length-z]);\par
 D) int x = wolf.length-1;\par
 for (int j=0; x>=0 && j==0; x--)\par
   System.out.print(wolf[x]);\par
 E) final int r = wolf.length;\par
 for (int w = r-1; r>-1; w = r-1)\par
   System.out.print(wolf[w]);\par
 F. for (int i=wolf.length; i>0; --i)\par
   System.out.print(wolf[i]);\par
 G) None of the above\par
\par
 18. What distinct numbers are printed when the following method is\par
 executed? (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
 private void countAttendees() \{\par
   int participants = 4, animals = 2, performers = -1;\par
   while ((participants = participants + 1) < 10) \{\}\par
   do \{\} while (animals++ <= 1);\par
   for ( ; performers < 2; performers += 2) \{\}\par
   System.out.println(participants);\par
   System.out.println(animals);\par
   System.out.println(performers);\par
 \}\par
\par
 A) 6\par
 B) 3\par
 C) 4\par
 D) 5\par
 E) 10\par
 F. 9\par
 G) The code does not compile.\par
 H) None of the above.\par
\par
 19. What is the output of the following code snippet?\par
\par
 2: double iguana = 0;\par
 3: do \{\par
 4:    int snake = 1;\par
 5:    System.out.print(snake++ + " ");\par
 6:    iguana--;\par
 7: \} while (snake <= 5);\par
 8: System.out.println(iguana);\par
\par
 A) 1 2 3 4 -4.0\par
 B) 1 2 3 4 -5.0\par
 C) 1 2 3 4 5 -4.0\par
 D) 0 1 2 3 4 5 -5.0\par
 E) The code does not compile.\par
 F. The code compiles but produces an infinite loop at runtime.\par
 G) None of the above.\par
\par
 20. Which statements, when inserted into the following blanks, allow the\par
 code to compile and run without entering an infinite loop? (Choose all\par
 that apply.)\par
\par
4:  int height = 1;\par
 5:  L1: while (height++ <10) \{\par
 6:     long humidity = 12;\par
 7:     L2: do \{\par
 8:        if (humidity-- % 12 == 0) ;\par
 9:        int temperature = 30;\par
 10:       L3: for ( ; ; ) \{\par
 11:          temperature++;\par
 12:          if (temperature>50) ;\par
 13:       \}\par
 14:    \} while (humidity> 4);\par
 15: \}\par
\par
 A) break L2 on line 8; continue L2 on line 12\par
 B) continue on line 8; continue on line 12\par
 C) break L3 on line 8; break L1 on line 12\par
 D) continue L2 on line 8; continue L3 on line 12\par
 E) continue L2 on line 8; continue L2 on line 12\par
 F. None of the above, as the code contains a compiler error\par
\par
 21. A minimum of how many lines need to be corrected before the\par
 following method will compile?\par
\par
 21: void findZookeeper(Integer id) \{\par
 22:    System.out.print(switch (id) \{\par
 23:       case 10 -> \{"Jane";\}\par
 24:       case 20 -> \{yield "Lisa";\};\par
 25:       case 30 -> "Kelly";\par
 26:       case 30 -> "Sarah";\par
 27:       default -> "Unassigned";\par
 28:    \});\par
 29: \}\par
\par
 A) Zero\par
 B) One\par
 C) Two\par
 D) Three\par
 E) Four\par
 F. Five\par
\par
22. What is the output of the following code snippet?\par
\par
 2: var tailFeathers = 3;\par
 3: final var one = 1;\par
 4: switch (tailFeathers) \{\par
 5:    case one: System.out.print(3 + " ");\par
 6:    default: case 3: System.out.print(5 + " ");\par
 7: \}\par
 8: while (tailFeathers> 1) \{\par
 9:    System.out.print(--tailFeathers + " "); \}\par
\par
 A) 3\par
 B) 5 1\par
 C) 5 2\par
 D) 3 5 1\par
 E) 5 2 1\par
 F. The code will not compile because of lines 3\f1\endash 5.\par
 G) The code will not compile because of line 6.\par
\par
 23. What is the output of the following code snippet?\par
\par
 15: int penguin = 50, turtle = 75;\par
 16: boolean older = penguin>= turtle;\par
 17: if (older = true) System.out.println("Success");\par
 18: else System.out.println("Failure");\par
 19: else if (penguin != 50) System.out.println("Other");\par
\par
 A) Success\par
 B) Failure\par
 C) Other\par
 D) The code will not compile because of line 17.\par
 E) The code compiles but throws an exception at runtime.\par
 F. None of the above.\par
\par
 24. What is the output of the following code snippet?\par
\par
 22: String zooStatus = "Closed";\par
 23: int visitors = switch (zooStatus) \{\par
24:    case String s when s.equals("Open") -> 10;\par
 25:    case Object s when s != null && !s.equals("") -> 20;\par
 26:    case null -> \{yield 30;\}\par
 27:    default -> 40;\par
 28: \};\par
 29: System.out.print(visitors);\par
\par
 A) 10\par
 B) 20\par
 C) 30\par
 D) 40\par
 E) Exactly one line does not compile.\par
 F. Exactly two lines do not compile.\par
 G) Three or more lines do not compile.\par
\par
 25. What is the output of the following code snippet?\par
\par
 6:  String instrument = "violin";\par
 7:  final String CELLO = "cello";\par
 8:  String viola = "viola";\par
 9:  int p = -1;\par
 10: switch (instrument) \{\par
 11:    case "bass" : break;\par
 12:    case CELLO : p++;\par
 13:    default: p++;\par
 14:    case "VIOLIN": p++;\par
 15:    case "viola" : ++p; break;\par
 16: \}\par
 17: System.out.print(p);\par
\par
 A) -1\par
 B) 0\par
 C) 1\par
 D) 2\par
 E) 3\par
 F. The code does not compile.\par
\par
 26. What is the output of the following code snippet?\par
\par
9:  int w = 0, r = 1;\par
 10: String name = "";\par
 11: while (w < 2) \{\par
 12:    name += "A";\par
 13:    do \{\par
 14:       name += "B";\par
 15:       if (name.length()>0) name += "C";\par
 16:       else break;\par
 17:    \} while (r <=1);\par
 18:    r++; w++; \}\par
 19: System.out.println(name);\par
\par
 A) ABC\par
 B) ABCABC\par
 C) ABCABCABC\par
 D) Line 15 contains a compilation error.\par
 E) Line 18 contains a compilation error.\par
 F. The code compiles but never terminates at runtime.\par
 G) The code compiles but throws a NullPointerException at\par
 runtime.\par
\par
 27. What is printed by the following code snippet?\par
\par
 23: byte amphibian = 2;\par
 24: String name = "Salamander";\par
 25: String color = switch (amphibian) \{\par
 26:    case 1 -> \{ yield "Red"; \} \par
27:    case 2 -> \{ if (name.equals("Frog")) yield "Green"; \par
28:                yield "Blue"; \}\par
 29:    case 3 -> \{ yield "Purple"; \}\par
 30:    default -> throw new RuntimeException();\par
 31: \};\par
 32: System.out.print(color);\par
\par
 A) Red\par
 B) Green\par
 C) Purple\par
 D) Blue\par
 E) The code does not compile.\par
F. An exception is thrown at runtime.\par
\par
 28. What is the output of calling getFish("goldie")?\par
\par
 40: void getFish(Object fish) \{\par
 41:    if (!(fish instanceof String guppy))\par
 42:       System.out.print("Eat!");\par
 43:    else if (!(fish instanceof String guppy)) \{\par
 44:       throw new RuntimeException();\par
 45:    \}\par
 46:    System.out.print("Swim!");\par
 47: \}\par
\par
 A) Eat!\par
 B) Swim!\par
 C) Eat! followed by an exception\par
 D) Eat!Swim!\par
 E) An exception is printed\par
 F. None of the above\par
\par
 29. What is the result of the following code?\par
\par
 1: public class PrintIntegers \{\par
 2:    public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
 3:       int y = -2;\par
 4:       do System.out.print(++y + " "); \par
5:       while (y <= 5);\par
 6: \} \}\par
\par
 A) -2 -1 0 1 2 3 4 5\par
 B) -2 -1 0 1 2 3 4\par
 C) -1 0 1 2 3 4 5 6\par
 D) -1 0 1 2 3 4 5\par
 E) The code will not compile because of line 5.\par
 F. The code contains an infinite loop and does not terminate.\par
\par
 30. What is the minimum number of lines that would need to be changed\par
 or removed for the following code to compile and return a value when\par
 called with dance(10)?\par
\par
41: double dance(Object speed) \{\par
 42:    return switch (speed) \{\par
 43:       case 5 -> \{yield 4\};\par
 44:       case 10 -> 8;\par
 45:       case 15,20 -> 12;\par
 46:       default -> 20;\par
 47:       case null -> 16;\par
 48:    \}\par
 49: \}\par
\par
 A. Zero, the code compiles and runs without issue\par
 B) One\par
 C) Two\par
 D) Three\par
 E) Four\par
 F. Five\par
 G) Six\f0\par
}
 