{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1036{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.22621}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang12 1. Which statement is true of the following module?\par
\par
 |---zoo\par
   |-- staff\par
      |-- Vet.java\par
\par
A) The directory structure shown is a valid module.\par
B) The directory structure would be a valid module if module.java\par
 were added directly underneath zoo/staff.\par
C) The directory structure would be a valid module if module.java\par
 were added directly underneath zoo.\par
D) The directory structure would be a valid module if module\par
info.java were added directly underneath zoo/staff.\par
E) The directory structure would be a valid module if module\par
info.java were added directly underneath zoo.\par
F) None of these changes would make this directory structure a valid\par
 module.\par
\par
 2. Suppose module puppy depends on module dog and module dog\par
 depends on module animal. Fill in the blank so that code in module\par
 dog can access the animal.behavior package in module animal.\par
\par
 module animal \{\par
    _________ animal.behavior;\par
 \}\par
\par
A) export\par
B) exports\par
C) require\par
D) requires\par
E) require transitive\par
F) requires transitive\par
G) None of the above\par
\par
 3. Fill in the blanks so this command to run the program is correct:\par
\par
 java\par
 _________ modules\par
 _________ zoo.animal.talks/zoo/animal/talks/Peacocks\par
\par
A) -d and -m\par
B) -d and \f1\endash p\par
C\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  -m and -d\par
D\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  -m and -p\par
E\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  -p and -d\par
F\f0\lang1036 ) \f1\lang12 -p and -m\par
G\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  None of the above\par
\par
 4. Which of the following pairs make up a service?\par
\par
A\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  Consumer and service locator\par
B\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  Consumer and service provider interface\par
C\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  Service locator and service provider\par
D\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  Service locator and service provider interface\par
E\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  Service provider and service provider interface\par
\par
 5. A(n) _____________ module is on the classpath while a(n)\par
 _____________ module is on the module path. (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
A\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  automatic, named\par
B\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  automatic, unnamed\par
C\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  named, automatic\par
D\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  named, unnamed\par
E\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  unnamed, automatic\par
F\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  unnamed, named\par
G\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  None of the above\par
\par
 6. Which of the following statements are true in a module-info.java\par
 file? (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
A\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  The opens directive allows the use of reflection.\par
B\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  The opens directive declares that an API is called.\par
C\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  The use directive allows the use of reflection.\par
D\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  The use directive declares that an API is called.\par
E\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  The uses directive allows the use of reflection.\par
F\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  The uses directive declares that an API is called.\par
\par
7. An automatic module name is generated if one is not supplied. Which\par
 of the following JAR filenames and generated automatic module name\par
 pairs are correct? (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
A\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  emily-1.0.0.jar and emily\par
B\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  emily-1.0.0-SNAPSHOT.jar and emily\par
C\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  emily_the_cat-1.0.0.jar and emily_the_cat\par
D\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  emily_the_cat-1.0.0.jar and emily-the-cat\par
E\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  emily.$.jar and emily\par
F\f0\lang1036 ) \f1\lang12 emily.$.jar and emily.\par
G\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  emily.$.jar and emily..\par
\par
 8. Which of the following statements are true? (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
A\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  Modules with cyclic dependencies will not compile.\par
B\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  Packages with a cyclic dependency will not compile.\par
C\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  A cyclic dependency always involves exactly two modules.\par
D\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  A cyclic dependency always involves at least two requires\par
 statements.\par
E\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  An unnamed module can be involved in a cyclic dependency with\par
 an automatic module.\par
\par
 9. Suppose you are creating a service provider that contains the following\par
 class. Which line of code needs to be in your module-info.java?\par
\par
 package dragon;\par
 import magic.*;\par
 public class Dragon implements Magic \{\par
   public String getPower() \{\par
     return "breathe fire";\par
   \}\par
 \}\par
\par
A\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  provides dragon.Dragon by magic.Magic;\par
B\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  provides dragon.Dragon using magic.Magic;\par
C\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  provides dragon.Dragon with magic.Magic;\par
D\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  provides magic.Magic by dragon.Dragon;\par
E\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  provides magic.Magic using dragon.Dragon;\par
F\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  provides magic.Magic with dragon.Dragon;\par
\par
 10. What is true of a module containing a file named module-info.java\par
 with the following contents? (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
 module com.food.supplier \{\}\par
\par
A\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  All packages inside the module are automatically exported.\par
B\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  No packages inside the module are automatically exported.\par
C\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  A main method inside the module can be run.\par
D\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  A main method inside the module cannot be run since the class is\par
 not exposed.\par
E\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  The module-info.java file contains a compiler error.\par
F\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  The module-info.java filename is incorrect.\par
\par
 11. Suppose module puppy depends on module dog and module dog\par
 depends on module animal. Which lines allow module puppy to access\par
 the animal.behavior package in module animal? (Choose all that\par
 apply.)\par
\par
 module animal \{\par
   exports animal.behavior;\par
 \}\par
 module dog \{\par
     _____________ animal;  // line S\par
 \}\par
 module puppy \{\par
     _____________ dog;     // line T\par
 \}\par
\par
A\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  require on line S\par
B\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  require on line T\par
C\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  requires on line S\par
D\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  requires on line T\par
E\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  require transitive on line S\par
F\f0\lang1036 ) \f1\lang12 require transitive on line T\par
G\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  requires transitive on line S\par
H\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  requires transitive on line T\par
\par
 12. Which of the following modules are provided by the JDK? (Choose all\par
 that apply.)\par
\par
\f0\lang1036 A)\f1\lang12  java.base\par
B\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  java.desktop\par
C\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  java.logging\par
D\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  java.util\par
E\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  jdk.base\par
F\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  jdk.compiler\par
G\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  jdk.xerces\par
\par
 13. Which of the following compiles and is equivalent to this loop?\par
\par
 List<Unicorn> all  = new ArrayList<>();\par
 for (Unicorn current : ServiceLoader.load(Unicorn.class))\par
   all.add(current);\par
\par
A\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  List<Unicorn> all = ServiceLoader.load(Unicorn.class)\par
 .getStream()\par
 .toList();\par
B\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12   List<Unicorn> all = ServiceLoader.load(Unicorn.class)\par
 .stream()\par
 .toList();\par
C\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  List<Unicorn> all = ServiceLoader.load(Unicorn.class)\par
 .getStream()\par
 .map(Provider::get)\par
 .toList();\par
D\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  List<Unicorn> all = ServiceLoader.load(Unicorn.class)\par
 .stream()\par
 .map(Provider::get)\par
 .toList();\par
E\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  None of the above\par
\par
 14. Which of the following is a legal command to run a modular program\par
 where n is the module name and c is the fully qualified class name?\par
\par
A\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  java --module-path x -m n.c\par
B\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  java --module-path x -p n.c\par
C\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  java --module-path x-x -m n/c\par
D\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  java --module-path x -p n/c\par
E\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  java --module-path x-x -m n-c\par
F\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  java --module-path x -p n-c\par
G\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  None of the above\par
\par
 15. For a top-down migration, all modules other than named modules are\par
 _____________ modules and are on the _____________.\par
\par
A\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  automatic, classpath\par
B\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  automatic, module path\par
C\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  unnamed, classpath\par
D\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  unnamed, module path\par
E\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  None of the above\par
\par
 16. Suppose you have separate modules for a service provider interface,\par
 service provider, service locator, and consumer. If you add a second\par
 service provider module, how many of the existing modules do you\par
 need to recompile?\par
\par
A\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  Zero\par
B\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  One\par
C\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  Two\par
D\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  Three\par
E\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  Four\par
\par
 17. Suppose we have a JAR file named cat-1.2.3-RC1.jar, and\par
 Automatic-Module-Name in the MANIFEST.MF is set to dog. What\par
 should an unnamed module referencing this automatic module include\par
 in module-info.java?\par
\par
A\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  requires cat;\par
B\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  requires cat.RC;\par
C\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  requires cat-RC;\par
D\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  requires dog;\par
E\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  None of the above\par
\par
 18. Two commands create artifacts that include smaller versions of the\par
 JDK. Which are used to create an .exe file and a directory,\par
 respectively?\par
\par
A\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  jimage and jlink\par
B\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  jimage and jpackage\par
C\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  jlink and jimage\par
D\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  jlink and jpackage\par
E\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  jpackage and jimage\par
F\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  jpackage and jlink\par
\par
 19. Which is a true statement about the following module?\par
 class dragon \{\par
   exports com.dragon.fire;\par
   exports com.dragon.scales to castle;\par
 \}\par
\par
A\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  All modules can reference the com.dragon.fire package.\par
B\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  All modules can reference the com.dragon.scales package.\par
C\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  Only the castle module can reference the com.dragon.fire\par
 package.\par
\f0\lang1036 D)\f1\lang12  Only the castle module can reference the com.dragon.scales\par
 package.\par
E\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  None of the above.\par
\par
 20. Which would you expect to see when describing any module?\par
\par
A\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  requires java.base mandated\par
B\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  requires java.core mandated\par
C\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  requires java.lang mandated\par
D\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  requires mandated java.base\par
E\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  requires mandated java.core\par
F\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  requires mandated java.lang\par
G\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  None of the above\par
\par
 21. Suppose you have separate modules for a service provider interface,\par
 service provider, service locator, and consumer. Which module(s) need\par
 to specify a requires directive on the service provider?\par
\par
A\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  Service locator\par
B\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  Service provider interface\par
C\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  Consumer\par
D\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  Consumer and service locator\par
E\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  Consumer and service provider\par
F\f0\lang1036 ) \f1\lang12 Service locator and service provider interface\par
G\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  Consumer, service locator, and service provider interface\par
H\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  None of the above\par
\par
 22. Which are true statements? (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
A\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  An automatic module exports all packages to named modules.\par
B\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  An automatic module exports only the specified packages to\par
 named modules.\par
C\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  An automatic module exports no packages to named modules.\par
\f0\lang1036 D)\f1\lang12  An unnamed module exports only the named packages to named\par
 modules.\par
E\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  An unnamed module exports all packages to named modules.\par
F\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  An unnamed module exports no packages to named modules.\par
\par
 23. Which is the first line to contain a compiler error?\par
\par
 1: module snake \{\par
 2:    exports com.snake.tail;\par
 3:    exports com.snake.fangs to bird;\par
 4:    requires skin;\par
 5:    requires transitive skin;\par
 6: \}\par
\par
A\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  Line 1.\par
B\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  Line 2.\par
C\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  Line 3.\par
D\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  Line 4.\par
E\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  Line 5.\par
F\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  The code does not contain any compiler errors.\par
\par
 24. Which is a true statement about a package in a JAR on the classpath\par
 containing a module-info.java file?\par
\par
A\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  It is possible to make the package available to all other modules\par
 on the classpath.\par
B\f0\lang1036 ) \f1\lang12 It is possible to make the package available to all other modules\par
 on the module path.\par
C\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  It is possible to make the package available to exactly one other\par
 specific module on the classpath.\par
D\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  It is possible to make the package available to exactly one other\par
 specific module on the module path.\par
E\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  It is possible to make sure the package is not available to any\par
 other modules on the classpath.\par
\par
25. Suppose you have separate modules for a service provider interface,\par
 service provider, service locator, and consumer. Which statements are\par
 true about the directives you need to specify? (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
A\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  The consumer must use the requires directive.\par
B\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  The consumer must use the uses directive.\par
C\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  The service locator must use the requires directive.\par
D\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  The service locator must use the uses directive.\par
E\f0\lang1036 )\f1\lang12  None of the above.\f0\par
}
 