{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1036{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.22621}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang12  1. What is output by the following code?\par
 1: public class Fish \{\par
 2:    public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
 3:       int numFish = 4;\par
 4:       String fishType = "tuna";\par
 5:       String anotherFish = numFish + 1;\par
 6:       System.out.println(anotherFish + " " + fishType);\par
 7:       System.out.println(numFish + " " + 1);\par
 8: \} \}\par
 A. 4 1\par
 B. 5\par
 C. 5 tuna\par
 D. 5tuna\par
E. 51tuna\par
 F. The code does not compile.\par
 2. Which of these array declarations are not legal? (Choose all that\par
 apply.)\par
 A. int[][] scores = new int[5][];\par
 B. Object[][][] cubbies = new Object[3][0][5];\par
 C. String beans[] = new beans[6];\par
 D. java.util.Date[] dates[] = new java.util.Date[2][];\par
 E. int[][] types = new int[];\par
 F. int[][] java = new int[][];\par
 3. Note that March 12, 2028, is the weekend when we spring forward,\par
 and November 5, 2028, is when we fall back for daylight saving time.\par
 Which of the following can fill in the blank without the code throwing\par
 an exception? (Choose all that apply.)\par
 var zone = ZoneId.of("US/Eastern");\par
 var date = ______________________;\par
 var time = LocalTime.of(2, 15);\par
 var z = ZonedDateTime.of(date, time, zone);\par
 A. LocalDate.of(2028, 3, 12)\par
 B. LocalDate.of(2028, 3, 40)\par
 C. LocalDate.of(2028, 11, 5)\par
 D. LocalDate.of(2028, 11, 6)\par
 E. LocalDate.of(2029, 2, 29)\par
 F. LocalDate.of(2028, MonthEnum.MARCH, 12);\par
 4. Which of the following are output by this code? (Choose all that\par
 apply.)\par
 3: var s = "Hello";\par
 4: var t = new String(s);\par
 5: if ("Hello".equals(s)) System.out.println("one");\par
 6: if (t == s) System.out.println("two");\par
7: if (t.intern() == s) System.out.println("three");\par
 8: if ("Hello" == s) System.out.println("four");\par
 9: if ("Hello".intern() == t) System.out.println("five");\par
 A. one\par
 B. two\par
 C. three\par
 D. four\par
 E. five\par
 F. The code does not compile.\par
 G. None of the above.\par
 5. What is the result of the following code?\par
 7: var sb = new StringBuilder();\par
 8: sb.append("aaa").insert(1, "bb").insert(4, "ccc");\par
 9: System.out.println(sb);\par
 A. abbaaccc\par
 B. abbaccca\par
 C. bbaaaccc\par
 D. bbaaccca\par
 E. An empty line.\par
 F. The code does not compile.\par
 6. How many of these lines contain a compiler error?\par
 23: double one = Math.pow(1, 2);\par
 24: int two = Math.round(1.0);\par
 25: float three = Math.random();\par
 26: var doubles = new double[] \{one, two, three\};\par
 A. 0\par
 B. 1\par
 C. 2\par
 D. 3\par
E. 4\par
 7. Which of these statements is true of the two values? (Choose all that\par
 apply.)\par
 2025\f1\endash 08\endash 28T05:00 GMT-04:00\par
 2025\endash 08\endash 28T09:00 GMT-06:00\par
 A. The first date/time is earlier.\par
 B. The second date/time is earlier.\par
 C. Both date/times are the same.\par
 D. The date/times are two hours apart.\par
 E. The date/times are six hours apart.\par
 F. The date/times are 10 hours apart.\par
 8. Which of the following return 5 when run independently? (Choose all\par
 that apply.)\par
 var string = "12345";\par
 var builder = new StringBuilder("12345");\par
 A. builder.charAt(4)\par
 B. builder.replace(2, 4, "6").charAt(3)\par
 C. builder.replace(2, 5, "6").charAt(2)\par
 D. string.charAt(5)\par
 E. string.length\par
 F. string.replace("123", "1").charAt(2)\par
 G. None of the above\par
 9. Which of the following are true about arrays? (Choose all that apply.)\par
 A. The first element is index 0.\par
 B. The first element is index 1.\par
 C. Arrays are fixed size.\par
 D. Arrays are immutable.\par
E. Calling equals() on two different arrays containing the same\par
 primitive values always returns true.\par
 F. Calling equals() on two different arrays containing the same\par
 primitive values always returns false.\par
 G. Calling equals() on two different arrays containing the same\par
 primitive values can return true or false.\par
 10. How many of these lines contain a compiler error?\par
 23: int one = Math.min(5, 3);\par
 24: long two = Math.round(5.5);\par
 25: double three = Math.floor(6.6);\par
 26: var doubles = new double[] \{one, two, three\};\par
 A. 0\par
 B. 1\par
 C. 2\par
 D. 3\par
 E. 4\par
 11. What is the output of the following code?\par
 var date = LocalDate.of(2025, 4, 3);\par
 date.plusDays(2);\par
 date.plusHours(3);\par
 System.out.println(date.getYear() + " " + date.getMonth()\par
    + " " + date.getDayOfMonth());\par
 A. 2025 MARCH 4\par
 B. 2025 MARCH 6\par
 C. 2025 APRIL 3\par
 D. 2025 APRIL 5\par
 E. The code does not compile.\par
 F. A runtime exception is thrown.\par
 12. What is output by the following code ignoring any new lines in the\par
 ouput? (Choose all that apply.)\par
var numbers = "012345678".indent(1);\par
 numbers = numbers.stripLeading();\par
 System.out.println(numbers.substring(1, 3));\par
 System.out.println(numbers.substring(7, 7));\par
 System.out.println(numbers.substring(7));\par
 A. 12\par
 B. 123\par
 C. 7\par
 D. 78\par
 E. A blank line.\par
 F. An exception is thrown.\par
 13. What is the result of the following code?\par
 public class Lion \{\par
   public void roar(String roar1, StringBuilder roar2) \{\par
      roar1.concat("!!!");\par
      roar2.append("!!!");\par
   \}\par
   public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
      var roar1 = "roar";\par
      var roar2 = new StringBuilder("roar");\par
      new Lion().roar(roar1, roar2);\par
      System.out.println(roar1 + " " + roar2);\par
 \} \}\par
 A. roar roar\par
 B. roar roar!!!\par
 C. roar!!! Roar\par
 D. roar!!! Roar!!!\par
 E. An exception is thrown.\par
 F. The code does not compile.\par
 14. Given the following, which can correctly fill in the blank allowing the\par
 code to compile? (Choose all that apply.)\par
 var date = LocalDate.now();\par
 var time = LocalTime.now();\par
var dateTime = date.______(time);\par
 var zoneId = ZoneId.systemDefault();\par
 var zonedDateTime = ZonedDateTime.of(dateTime, zoneId);\par
 Instant instant = ___________________________;\par
 A. asTime()\par
 B. atTime()\par
 C. withTime()\par
 D. dateTime.toInstant()\par
 E. new Instant()\par
 F. zonedDateTime.toInstant()\par
 15. What is the output of the following? (Choose all that apply.)\par
 var arr = new String[] \{ "PIG", "pig", "123"\};\par
 Arrays.sort(arr);\par
 System.out.println(Arrays.toString(arr));\par
 System.out.println(Arrays.binarySearch(arr, "Pippa"));\par
 A. [pig, PIG, 123]\par
 B. [PIG, pig, 123]\par
 C. [123, PIG, pig]\par
 D. [123, pig, PIG]\par
 E. -3\par
 F. -2\par
 G. The results of binarySearch() are undefined in this example.\par
 16. Which of these statements are true? (Choose all that apply.)\par
 var letters = new StringBuilder("abcdefg");\par
 A. letters.substring(1, 2) returns a single-character String.\par
 B. letters.substring(2, 2) returns a single-character String.\par
 C. letters.substring(6, 5) returns a single-character String.\par
 D. letters.substring(6, 6) returns a single-character String.\par
E. letters.substring(1, 2) throws an exception.\par
 F. letters.substring(2, 2) throws an exception.\par
 G. letters.substring(6, 5) throws an exception.\par
 H. letters.substring(6, 6) throws an exception.\par
 17. What is the result of the following code? (Choose all that apply.)\par
 13: String s1 = """\par
 14:    purr""";\par
 15: String s2 = "";\par
 16:\par
 17: s1.toUpperCase();\par
 18: s1.trim();\par
 19: s1.substring(1, 3);\par
 20: s1 += "two";\par
 21:\par
 22: s2 += 2;\par
 23: s2 += 'c';\par
 24: s2 += false;\par
 25:\par
 26: if ( s2 == "2cfalse") System.out.println("==");\par
 27: if ( s2.equals("2cfalse")) \par
System.out.println("equals");\par
 28: System.out.println(s1.length());\par
 A. 2\par
 B. 4\par
 C. 7\par
 D. 10\par
 E. ==\par
 F. equals\par
 G. An exception is thrown.\par
 H. The code does not compile.\par
 18. Which of the following fill in the blank to print a positive integer?\par
 (Choose all that apply.)\par
 String[] s1 = \{ "Camel", "Peacock", "Llama"\};\par
 String[] s2 = \{ "Camel", "Llama", "Peacock"\};\par
String[] s3 = \{ "Camel"\};\par
 String[] s4 = \{ "Camel", null\};\par
 System.out.println(Arrays.)____________________________;\par
 A. compare(s1, s2)\par
 B. mismatch(s1, s2)\par
 C. compare(s3, s4)\par
 D. mismatch (s3, s4)\par
 E. compare(s4, s4)\par
 F. mismatch (s4, s4)\par
 19. Note that March 12, 2028 is the weekend that clocks spring ahead for\par
 daylight saving time. What is the output of the following? (Choose all\par
 that apply.)\par
 var date = LocalDate.of(2028, Month.MARCH, 12);\par
 var time = LocalTime.of(1, 30);\par
 var zone = ZoneId.of("US/Eastern");\par
 var dateTime1 = ZonedDateTime.of(date, time, zone);\par
 var dateTime2 = dateTime1.plus(1, ChronoUnit.HOURS);\par
 long diff = ChronoUnit.HOURS.between(dateTime1, dateTime2);\par
 int hour = dateTime2.getHour();\par
 boolean offset = dateTime1.getOffset() \par
   == dateTime2.getOffset();\par
 System.out.println("diff = " + diff);\par
 System.out.println("hour = " + hour);\par
 System.out.println("offset = " + offset);\par
 A. diff = 1\par
 B. diff = 2\par
 C. hour = 2\par
 D. hour = 3\par
 E. offset = true\par
 F. The code does not compile.\par
 G. A runtime exception is thrown.\par
20. Which of the following can fill in the blank to print avaJ? (Choose all\par
 that apply.)\par
 3: var puzzle = new StringBuilder("Java");\par
 4: puzzle._________________________;\par
 5: System.out.println(puzzle);\par
 A. reverse()\par
 B. append("vaJ$").substring(0, 4)\par
 C. append("vaJ$").delete(0,\par
 3).deleteCharAt(puzzle.length() - 1)\par
 D. append("vaJ$").delete(0,\par
 3).deleteCharAt(puzzle.length())\par
 E. None of the above\par
 21. What is the output of the following code?\par
 var date = LocalDate.of(2025, Month.APRIL, 30);\par
 date.plusDays(2);\par
 date.plusYears(3);\par
 System.out.println(date.getYear() + " " + date.getMonth() \par
   + " " + date.getDayOfMonth());\par
 A. 2025 APRIL 30\par
 B. 2025 MAY 2\par
 C. 2028 APRIL 2\par
 D. 2028 APRIL 30\par
 E. 2028 MAY 2\par
 F. The code does not compile.\par
 G. A runtime exception is thrown.\par
 22. What is the output of the following?\par
 var result = LocalDate.of(2025, Month.OCTOBER, 31)\par
   .plusYears(1)\par
   .plusMonths(-5)\par
   .plusMonths(1)\par
   .withYear(2026)\par
   .atTime(LocalTime.of(13, 4));\par
 System.out.println(result);\par
 A. 2025-06-30T13:04\par
 B. 2026-04-304\par
 C. 2026-04-30T13:04\par
 D. 2026-06-30T\par
 E. 2026-06-30T13:04\par
 F. The code does not compile.\par
 G. A runtime exception is thrown.\f0\par
}
 