{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1036{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.22621}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang12  1. Which code can be inserted to have the code print 2?\par
\par
 public class BirdSeed \{\par
   private int numberBags;\par
   boolean call;\par
   public BirdSeed() \{\par
      // LINE 1\par
      call = false;\par
      // LINE 2\par
   \}\par
   public BirdSeed(int numberBags) \{\par
      this.numberBags = numberBags;\par
   \}\par
   public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
      var seed = new BirdSeed();\par
      System.out.print(seed.numberBags);\par
   \} \}\par
\par
A)  Replace line 1 with BirdSeed(2);\par
B)  Replace line 2 with BirdSeed(2);\par
C)  Replace line 1 with new BirdSeed(2);\par
D)  Replace line 2 with new BirdSeed(2);\par
E)  Replace line 1 with this(2);\par
F)  Replace line 2 with this(2);\par
G)  The code prints 2 without any changes.\par
\par
 2. Which modifier pairs can be used together in a method declaration? (Choose all that\par
 apply.)\par
\par
A)  static and final\par
B)  private and static\par
C)  static and abstract\par
D)  private and abstract\par
E)  abstract and final\par
F)  private and final\par
\par
 3. Which of the following statements about methods are true? (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
A)  Overloaded methods must have the same signature.\par
B)  Overridden methods must have the same signature.\par
C)  Hidden methods must have the same signature.\par
D)  Overloaded methods must have the same return type.\par
E)  Overridden methods must have the same return type.\par
F)  Hidden methods must have the same return type.\par
\par
 4. What is the output of the following program?\par
\par
 1:  class Mammal \{\par
 2:     private void sneeze() \{\}\par
 3:     public Mammal(int age) \{\par
 4:        System.out.print("Mammal");\par
 5:     \} \}\par
 6:  public class Platypus extends Mammal \{\par
 7:     int sneeze() \{ return 1; \}\par
 8:     public Platypus() \{\par
 9:        System.out.print("Platypus");\par
 10:    \}\par
 11:    public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
 12:       new Mammal(5);\par
 13:    \} \}\par
\par
A)  Platypus\par
B)  Mammal\par
C)  PlatypusMammal\par
D)  MammalPlatypus\par
E)  The code will compile if line 7 is changed.\par
F)  The code will compile if line 9 is changed.\par
\par
 5. Which of the following completes the constructor so that this code prints out 50?\par
\par
 class Speedster \{\par
   int numSpots;\par
 \}\par
 public class Cheetah extends Speedster \{\par
   int numSpots;\par
   public Cheetah(int numSpots) \{\par
      // INSERT CODE HERE\par
   \}\par
   public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
      Speedster s = new Cheetah(50);\par
      System.out.print(s.numSpots);\par
   \}\par
 \}\par
\par
A)  numSpots = numSpots;\par
B)  numSpots = this.numSpots;\par
C)  this.numSpots = numSpots;\par
D)  numSpots = super.numSpots;\par
E)  super.numSpots = numSpots;\par
F)  The code does not compile regardless of the code inserted into the constructor.\par
G)  None of the above.\par
\par
 6. Which of the following declare immutable classes? (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
public final class Moose \{\par
   private final int antlers; \par
\}\par
 public class Caribou \{\par
   private int antlers = 10; \par
\}\par
 public class Reindeer \{\par
   private final int antlers = 5; \par
\}\par
 public final class Elk \{\}\par
 public final class Deer \{\par
   private final Object o = new Object();\par
 \}\par
\par
A)  Moose\par
B)  Caribou\par
C)  Reindeer\par
D)  Elk\par
E)  Deer\par
F)  None of the above\par
\par
 7. What is the output of the following code?\par
\par
 1:  class Arthropod \{\par
 2:     protected void printName(long input) \{\par
 3:        System.out.print("Arthropod");\par
 4:     \}\par
 5:     void printName(int input) \{\par
 6:        System.out.print("Spooky");\par
 7:     \} \}\par
 8:  public class Spider extends Arthropod \{\par
 9:     protected void printName(int input) \{\par
 10:       System.out.print("Spider");\par
 11:    \}\par
 12:    public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
 13:       Arthropod a = new Spider();\par
 14:       a.printName((short)4);\par
 15:       a.printName(4);\par
 16:       a.printName(5L);\par
 17:    \} \}\par
\par
A)  SpiderSpiderArthropod\par
B)  SpiderSpiderSpider\par
C)  SpiderSpookyArthropod\par
D)  SpookySpiderArthropod\par
E)  The code will not compile because of line 5.\par
F)  The code will not compile because of line 9.\par
G)  None of the above.\par
\par
 8. What is the result of the following code?\par
\par
 1:  abstract class Bird \{\par
 2:     private final void fly() \{ System.out.println("Bird"); \}\par
3:     protected Bird() \{ System.out.print("Wow-"); \}\par
 4:  \}\par
 5:  public class Pelican extends Bird \{\par
 6:     public Pelican() \{ System.out.print("Oh-"); \}\par
 7:     protected void fly() \{ System.out.println("Pelican"); \}\par
 8:     public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
 9:        var chirp = new Pelican();\par
 10:       chirp.fly();\par
 11: \} \}\par
\par
A)  Oh-Bird\par
B)  Oh-Pelican\par
C)  Wow-Oh-Bird\par
D)  Wow-Oh-Pelican\par
E)  The code contains a compilation error.\par
F)  None of the above.\par
\par
 9. Which of the following statements about overridden methods are true? (Choose all that\par
 apply.)\par
\par
A)  An overridden method must contain method parameters that are the same or\par
 covariant with the method parameters in the inherited method.\par
B)  An overridden method may declare a new exception, provided it is not checked.\par
C)  An overridden method must be more accessible than the method in the parent class.\par
D)  An overridden method may declare a broader checked exception than the method in\par
 the parent class.\par
E)  If an inherited method returns void, then the overridden version of the method\par
 must return void.\par
F)  None of the above.\par
\par
 10. Which of the following pairs, when inserted into the blanks, allow the code to compile?\par
 (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
1:  public class Howler \{\par
 2:     public Howler(long shadow) \{\par
 3:        ____________;\par
 4:     \}\par
 5:     private Howler(int moon) \{\par
 6:        super();\par
 7:     \}\par
 8:  \}\par
 9:  class Wolf extends Howler \{\par
 10:    protected Wolf(String stars) \{\par
 11:       super(2L);\par
 12:    \}\par
 13:    public Wolf() \{\par
 14:       _____________;\par
 15:    \}\par
 16: \}\par
\par
A)  this(3) at line 3, this("") at line 14.\par
B)  this() at line 3, super(1) at line 14.\par
C)  this((short)1) at line 3, this(null) at line 14.\par
D)  super() at line 3, super() at line 14.\par
E)  this(2L) at line 3, super((short)2) at line 14.\par
F)  this(5) at line 3, super(null) at line 14.\par
G)  Remove lines 3 and 14.\par
\par
 11. What is the result of the following?\par
\par
 1:  public class PolarBear \{\par
 2:     StringBuilder value = new StringBuilder("t");\par
 3:     \{ value.append("a"); \}\par
 4:     \{ value.append("c"); \}\par
 5:     private PolarBear() \{\par
 6:        value.append("b");\par
 7:     \}\par
 8:     public PolarBear(String s) \{\par
 9:        this();\par
 10:       value.append(s);\par
 11:    \}\par
 12:    public PolarBear(CharSequence p) \{\par
 13:       value.append(p);\par
 14:    \}\par
 15:    public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
 16:       Object bear = new PolarBear();\par
 17:       bear = new PolarBear("f");\par
 18:       System.out.println(((PolarBear)bear).value);\par
 19:    \} \}\par
\par
A)  tacb\par
B)  tacf\par
C)  tacbf\par
D)  tcafb\par
E)  taftacb\par
F)  The code does not compile.\par
G)  An exception is thrown.\par
\par
 12. How many lines of the following program contain a compilation error?\par
\par
 1:  public class Rodent \{\par
 2:     public Rodent(Integer x) \{\}\par
 3:     protected static Integer chew() throws Exception \{\par
 4:        System.out.println("Rodent is chewing");\par
 5:        return 1;\par
 6:     \}\par
 7:  \}\par
 8:  class Beaver extends Rodent \{\par
 9:     public Number chew() throws RuntimeException \{\par
 10:       System.out.println("Beaver is chewing on wood");\par
 11:       return 2;\par
 12:    \} \}\par
\par
A)  None\par
B)  1\par
C)  2\par
D)  3\par
E)  4\par
F)  5\par
\par
 13. Which of these classes compile and will include a default constructor created by the\par
 compiler? (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
A)  public class Bird \{\}\par
B)  public class Bird \{\par
   public bird() \{\}\par
 \}\par
C)  public class Bird \{\par
   public bird(String name) \{\}\par
 \}\par
D)  public class Bird \{\par
   public Bird() \{\}\par
 \}\par
E)  public class Bird \{\par
   Bird(String name) \{\}\par
 \}\par
F)  public class Bird \{\par
   private Bird(int age) \{\}\par
 \}\par
G)  public class Bird \{\par
   public Bird bird() \{ return null; \}\par
 \}\par
\par
 14. Which of the following statements about inheritance are correct? (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
A)  A class can directly extend any number of classes.\par
B)  A class can implement any number of interfaces.\par
C)  All variables inherit java.lang.Object.\par
D)  If class A is extended by B, then B is a superclass of A.\par
E)  If class C implements interface D, then C is a subtype of D.\par
F)  Multiple inheritance is the property of a class to have multiple direct superclasses.\par
\par
 15. Which statement about the following program is correct?\par
\par
 1: abstract class Nocturnal \{\par
 2:    boolean isBlind();\par
 3: \}\par
 4: public class Owl extends Nocturnal \{\par
 5:    public boolean isBlind() \{ return false; \}\par
 6:    public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
 7:       var nocturnal = (Nocturnal)new Owl();\par
 8:       System.out.println(nocturnal.isBlind());\par
 9: \} \}\par
\par
A)  It compiles and prints true.\par
B)  It compiles and prints false.\par
C)  The code will not compile because of line 2.\par
D)  The code will not compile because of line 5.\par
E)  The code will not compile because of line 7.\par
F)  The code will not compile because of line 8.\par
G)  None of the above.\par
\par
 16. What is the result of the following?\par
\par
1:  class Arachnid \{\par
 2:     static StringBuilder sb = new StringBuilder();\par
 3:     \{ sb.append("c"); \}\par
 4:     static\par
 5:     \{ sb.append("u"); \}\par
 6:     \{ sb.append("r"); \}\par
 7:  \}\par
 8:  public class Scorpion extends Arachnid \{\par
 9:     static\par
 10:    \{ sb.append("q"); \}\par
 11:    \{ sb.append("m"); \}\par
 12:    public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
 13:       System.out.print(Scorpion.sb + " ");\par
 14:       System.out.print(Scorpion.sb + " ");\par
 15:       new Arachnid();\par
 16:       new Scorpion();\par
 17:       System.out.print(Scorpion.sb);\par
 18:    \} \}\par
\par
A)  qu qu qumrcrc\par
B)  u u ucrcrm\par
C)  uq uq uqmcrcr\par
D)  uq uq uqcrcrm\par
E)  qu qu qumcrcr\par
F)  qu qu qucrcrm\par
G)  The code does not compile.\par
\par
 17. Which of the following are true? (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
A)  this() can be called from anywhere in a constructor.\par
B)  this() can be called from anywhere in an instance method.\par
C)  this.variableName can be called from any instance method in the class.\par
D)  this.variableName can be called from any static method in the class.\par
E)  You can call the default constructor written by the compiler using this().\par
F)  You can access a private constructor with the main() method in the same class.\par
\par
 18. Which statements about the following classes are correct? (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
 1:  public class Mammal \{\par
 2:     private void eat() \{\}\par
 3:     protected static void drink() \{\}\par
 4:     public Integer dance(String p) \{ return null; \}\par
 5:  \}\par
 6:  class Primate extends Mammal \{\par
 7:     public void eat(String p) \{\}\par
 8:  \}\par
 9:  class Monkey extends Primate \{\par
 10:    public static void drink() throws RuntimeException \{\}\par
 11:    public Number dance(CharSequence p) \{ return null; \}\par
 12:    public int eat(String p) \{\}\par
 13: \}\par
\par
A) The eat() method in Mammal is correctly overridden on line 7.\par
B) The eat() method in Mammal is correctly overloaded on line 7.\par
C) The drink() method in Mammal is correctly overridden on line 10.\par
D) The drink() method in Mammal is correctly hidden on line 10.\par
E) The dance() method in Mammal is correctly overridden on line 11.\par
F) The dance() method in Mammal is correctly overloaded on line 11.\par
G) The eat() method in Primate is correctly hidden on line 12.\par
H) The eat() method in Primate is correctly overloaded on line 12.\par
\par
 19. What is the output of the following code?\par
\par
 1:  class Reptile \{\par
 2:     \{System.out.print("A");\}\par
 3:     public Reptile(int hatch) \{\}\par
 4:     void layEggs() \{\par
 5:        System.out.print("Reptile");\par
 6:     \} \}\par
 7:  public class Lizard extends Reptile \{\par
 8:     static \{System.out.print("B");\}\par
 9:     public Lizard(int hatch) \{\}\par
 10:    public final void layEggs() \{\par
 11:       System.out.print("Lizard");\par
 12:    \}\par
 13:    public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
 14:       var reptile = new Lizard(1);\par
 15:       reptile.layEggs();\par
 16:    \} \}\par
\par
A) AALizard\par
B) BALizard\par
C) BLizardA\par
D) ALizard\par
E) The code will not compile because of line 3.\par
F) None of the above.\par
\par
 20. Which statement about the following program is correct?\par
\par
 1:  class Bird \{\par
 2:     int feathers = 0;\par
 3:     Bird(int x) \{ this.feathers = x; \}\par
 4:     Bird fly() \{\par
 5:        return new Bird(1);\par
 6:     \} \}\par
 7:  class Parrot extends Bird \{\par
 8:     protected Parrot(int y) \{ super(y); \}\par
 9:     protected Parrot fly() \{\par
 10:       return new Parrot(2);\par
 11:    \} \}\par
 12: public class Macaw extends Parrot \{\par
 13:    public Macaw(int z) \{ super(z); \}\par
 14:    public Macaw fly() \{\par
 15:       return new Macaw(3);\par
 16:    \}\par
 17:    public static void main(String\'85 sing) \{\par
 18:       Bird p = new Macaw(4);\par
 19:       System.out.print(((Parrot)p.fly()).feathers);\par
 20:    \} \}\par
\par
A) One line contains a compiler error.\par
B) Two lines contain compiler errors.\par
C) Three lines contain compiler errors.\par
D) The code compiles but throws a ClassCastException at runtime.\par
E) The program compiles and prints 3.\par
F) The program compiles and prints 0.\par
\par
 21. Which of the following are properties of immutable classes? (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
 A) The class can contain setter methods, provided they are marked final.\par
B) The class must not be able to be extended outside the class declaration.\par
C) The class may not contain any instance variables.\par
D) The class must be marked static.\par
E) The class may not contain any static variables.\par
F) The class may only contain private constructors.\par
G) The data for mutable instance variables may be read, provided they cannot be\par
 modified by the caller.\par
\par
 22. What does the following program print?\par
\par
 1:  class Person \{\par
 2:     static String name;\par
 3:     void setName(String q) \{ name = q; \} \}\par
 4:  public class Child extends Person \{\par
 5:     static String name;\par
 6:     void setName(String w) \{ name = w; \}\par
 7:     public static void main(String[] p) \{\par
 8:        final Child m = new Child();\par
 9:        final Person t = m;\par
 10:       m.name = "Elysia";\par
 11:       t.name = "Sophia";\par
 12:       m.setName("Webby");\par
 13:       t.setName("Olivia");\par
 14:       System.out.println(m.name + " " + t.name);\par
 15:    \} \}\par
\par
A) Elysia Sophia\par
B) Webby Olivia\par
C) Olivia Olivia\par
D) Olivia Sophia\par
E) The code does not compile.\par
F) None of the above.\par
\par
 23. What is the output of the following program?\par
\par
 1:  class Canine \{\par
 2:     public Canine(boolean t) \{ logger.append("a"); \}\par
 3:     public Canine() \{ logger.append("q"); \}\par
 4:     \par
5:     private StringBuilder logger = new StringBuilder();\par
 6:     protected void print(String v) \{ logger.append(v); \}\par
 7:     protected String view() \{ return logger.toString(); \}\par
 8:  \}\par
 9:  \par
10: class Fox extends Canine \{\par
 11:    public Fox(long x) \{ print("p"); \}\par
 12:    public Fox(String name) \{\par
 13:       this(2);\par
 14:       print("z");\par
 15:    \}\par
16: \}\par
 17:\par
 18: public class Fennec extends Fox \{\par
 19:    public Fennec(int e) \{\par
 20:       super("tails");\par
 21:       print("j");\par
 22:    \}\par
 23:    public Fennec(short f) \{\par
 24:       super("eevee");\par
 25:       print("m");\par
 26:    \}\par
 27: \par
28:    public static void main(String\'85 unused) \{\par
 29:       System.out.println(new Fennec(1).view());\par
 30:    \} \}\par
\par
A) qpz\par
B) qpzj\par
C) jzpa\par
D) apj\par
E) apjm\par
F) The code does not compile.\par
G) None of the above.\par
\par
 24. What is printed by the following program?\par
\par
 1:  class Antelope \{\par
 2:     public Antelope(int p) \{\par
 3:        System.out.print("4");\par
 4:     \}\par
 5:     \{ System.out.print("2"); \}\par
 6:     static \{ System.out.print("1"); \}\par
 7:  \}\par
 8:  public class Gazelle extends Antelope \{\par
 9:     public Gazelle(int p) \{\par
 10:       super(6);\par
 11:       System.out.print("3");\par
 12:    \}\par
 13:    public static void main(String hopping[]) \{\par
 14:       new Gazelle(0);\par
 15:    \}\par
 16:    static \{ System.out.print("8"); \}\par
 17:    \{ System.out.print("9"); \}\par
 18: \}\par
\par
A) 182640\par
B) 182943\par
C) 182493\par
D) 421389\par
E) The code does not compile.\par
F) The output cannot be determined until runtime.\par
\par
 25. Which of the following are true about a concrete class? (Choose all that apply.)\par
\par
A) A concrete class can be declared as abstract.\par
B) A concrete class must implement all inherited abstract methods.\par
C) A concrete class can be marked as final.\par
D) A concrete class must be immutable.\par
E) A concrete method that implements an abstract method must match the method\par
 declaration of the abstract method exactly.\par
\par
 26. What is the output of the following code?\par
\par
 4:  public abstract class Whale \{\par
 5:     public abstract void dive();\par
 6:     public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
 7:        Whale whale = new Orca();\par
 8:        whale.dive(3);\par
 9:     \}\par
 10: \}\par
 11: class Orca extends Whale \{\par
 12:    static public int MAX = 3;\par
 13:    public void dive() \{\par
 14:       System.out.println("Orca diving");\par
 15:    \}\par
 16:    public void dive(int\'85 depth) \{\par
 17:       System.out.println("Orca diving deeper "+MAX);\par
 18: \} \}\par
\par
A) Orca diving\par
B) Orca diving deeper 3\par
C) The code will not compile because of line 4.\par
D) The code will not compile because of line 8.\par
E) The code will not compile because of line 11.\par
F) The code will not compile because of line 12.\par
G) The code will not compile because of line 17.\par
H) None of the above.\par
}
 